>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 1; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRgbLgbLgbLgbLsbLsbLgbRibLsbLsbLsLgbLsbLsbLsbRsbLjbRjbLibLgbRjbLibRsbL
sbRcRsmbLibLobRibRjbRcbLjbRibRcbLibRibRgbRgbLibLgbLsbRibRcbRibRibRibLj
bRibRibLibRgbLsbRgbRibLgbRibLgbRjbLgLsbLebRcbRibRjbRgbLjbRibRibRibLjbR
gbRibLibRgbLsbLsbRjbRgbLsbRibLgbRgbRhLsbLsLsmbLjbRibRsbLgbLsbRgbRsRsmb
RsbLsbRgbRgbRgbRgbLsbRsbRgbRgRsmbRsbRgbLibRibRibRobRgbRgRsmbRsbLgbRjbR
sRsmbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 2; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRjbRsbRcbRgbRsbLgbLgbLgbLiRsbLgbRjbLgbRhbRhbLjbLcbLcbRjbLcbRibLgbLgbL
ibRjbLjbRcbLjbLjbLibLibRjbRibLjbRjbLcbRhbRjbRgbLgbLgbLibRcbRcLsLsmbRib
LiRsbRsbRsbRgbLsbLsbRsbRsbRsbRgbRgbRgbRsbRsbLsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRgbLs
bRgbRsbLsbRsbRsbRsRsmbLsbRgbLsRsbLsbRgbLsbRsbRsbLsbRgbLsbRibLsbRsbRsbR
gbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsLsbRsbRsbRsbRsRsmbRsbRsbRsbRsbRgbLsbRgbRgbLsbLsbLsbRgb
LgbRgbRibRsbRsbRgbLgbRgbLsbRsbLsbRgbRsbRsbLgbRgbRsbRgbRsRsmbRsbRsRsmbR
gbLsbRgbLsbLsbRgbRsbRsbRsbRsbRgbLsbRgbLsbLsbRsbRgbRsbRsbRsbLsbRgbLsbRg
bLsbRgbRsbRsbRsbRgbLsbRsbRsbRgbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsRsmbRsbRsbRgbLsbRsbRsbRsb
RsbRsbRgbLsbLsbRgbRgbRsbRsbLsbLibLgbRgbLsbRsbRsbRibRgbLjbLcbRjbLgbRjbL
hbLsbRgbLibLsLsmbLgbLgbLsbLsRsbRsbLgLsbLsbLsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 3; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRgbRgbRibRsbRsbLsbRsbLjbLjbLoRsbLoRsbLibLsbLsbRcLsbRgbLsbRgbRiLsbLjbR
cLsbLcbRcbLgbRjbRjbRibLgbRibRcLsbLebLobLhbRjbLoRsbLobLgRsbRgbLsbRsbLsb
LsLsmbLcbRcbRobLcbLgbRgbLjbRcbRobLibLsbLgbLgbLsbLsbLgbLgbLgbLjbLobLsbL
jbLibLobLsbRobLjbLibLsbRsbLsbRsbLsbRsbLjbLgbRebLjbRcbRcbLcbLobRobLebLi
bLjbRgRgLsRsbLjbLcbLjbLcbRibLjbRibRcLsbLcRsbLobLjbRhbRibLsbLibLsbLgbLs
bLgbLgbLcbLsbLgbLgLsbLsbLgbRsbLgbRobRobRobLjRsbRebLibLiLsbRjbRibRhbLsL
cbLobRhbLjbLobRjbLcbLhbLgbRibLgbLgbLsbLjbLsbLsbRsbLibLibLgbLibRobLcbLo
RsbLibLibLgbRcbLgbLgbLgbLgbLgbLgbLsbLgbLgbLgbLgbLgbLsLsmbLgLsbLgbLgbLs
bLsbLgbLgbLsbLgbLgRsbLgLsbLgbLgbLsbLsbLgbLsbLsbLsbLgbLibLgbLgbLsbLsbLg
bLsbLsbLgbLsbLsRsbLsbLsbLgbLsbLgbRobLhRsbLgbRsbLcbLgbRibLsbLcbRgbRsbRs
bLjbRibRgbLcbRibLobRibRcLsbRibRcbRsbRobRibRgRsmbRebLgbLgbLgbLgbLjbRibR
cbLcbRhbLibRcbLobRcbLobLgbLjRsbRcbLsRsbRebsbRobRgbLgbLsbLsbLsbLjbLgbLs
RsbLsbLcbRibRibRgbLsbLsbRjbLcbRgbRibRobRoLsbLebRgbRoLsbLobRobRgbRcbRhb
LjbLjbLobLibLgbRhbLcbLibRsRoLsbLcbRobRebLobLjbRcbRoLibRebLobLjbRhLsLsm
bLobLsbLgLsbLgbLgbLsbLsLsmbLgbLgbLgbLsbLgbRsbLgRsbLgbLjbLobLcbRgbRsbLs
bLsbRgbLcbLcbLebRsbLsbLgbRib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 4; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRibLibRsbRgbLgbLsbRsbRgbRibRibLjbRhbLsbLcbLoRsbLgbRgbRibRibLibRibLobR
jbLjbLgbRsbLobRibRsbRsbLibRjbRobRibRibRcLsbLcbLgbLibRibLcbRibLobLhbRcb
RibLjbRgbRsbRgbLsbLsbLsbRgbRibLsbRgbRgbRgbRjbsbLsbRsbRgbRsbRgbLsbRgbRs
bRgbLgbRgbRsbLobRgbLjbRjbRibRgbRsbLsbLebRjbLcbRibLobRjRjbLoRsbRibLibRs
RsmbRsbRjbRobLobLibLgRsbRsbLgLsbLibRgbRgbRgbLsbRgbRgbLsbRgbRsbLjbRibLj
bLgbLibRjbLhbRibLibLgbRjbLgbRjbRibRsbLjbRoLsbLcbRibLjbRebLcbLobLjRebRi
RsmbLjbRjbRsbRsbRsbRibLiRsbLjbRhbLsbLcbRsLcbLjbLgbLibRsbRsLsRsbLibRibR
gbRsRsmbLcbRibRibLgbRgbLobRjRjbLobRjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 5; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRjbRibRibRibLcbRobLcbRebRcbLobRebRobRcbLobLcbRjbRebRobRobRobRebLebLob
LcbLcbLobRobLobLebRebLibRebRebLobRebLebRebRcbLobLobLobLcbLibRobLebLobR
obLebLobLobRobRebRibLobLcbRsbRcbLcbRobLebLcbLebLebLsbLebLcbRobRibLhbRj
bLobLobLebLobRibLobRjbLcbLcbLobRobLobLibRebLobRjbRsbLcbLobLibLibRebLob
RsbLebRibLobRcbRobRcbRgbRhbRobLgbRsbLobLobLobLcbLcbLebLebRebLibRobLobR
obLebRobLebRibRcbLcbRebLibLobLobLcbLobRebLebLobLobRobLjbLibRebRobLgbRo
bLebLobLibRobRobLobRebRobRsbRebLebLhbLjbLsbRibLobRebLebRebRebRibLibLeb
LgbLobLgbRobRebLgbRcbLobLcbLgbLebLsbLcbRcbRgbRobRcbLobRhbRobLebLobRibL
gbRcbLgbLcbLcbRobRgbLebRobRcbRebLobLobRhbRobRgbRibLobRebLebRcbRobLsbLo
bLebRebRebRobRobRibLebLobRobRobRgbLobLebRebRebLobRobRobRibRobRobRibRob
LobRibLhbLebLobRebLobLobRobRobRebRobRebRcbRobLibRibRebLobRcbRebLebRcbR
sbRobLibLibRebRebLgbRebRgbLsbLebLebRebRebLebRcbLobLcbLibLcbRcbRobRobRg
bLcbRhbRebLobRibLcbRobLcbRhbLebLebRcbRobLobLsbLobLibLibLhbRobRgbLibRsb
LgbRobLcbLobRebRgbLcbLebRebRobRobRobLcbLebRebLhbRebLebLobLobRobLcbRgbL
obRgbLjbRebLobLhbRcbLobRsbRsbLebRgbRsbLebLcbLcbLebRebRgbLcbRgbLebRebRo
bLobRibRobLebRsbRobLibLobLebLobRgbLcbRebLibLgbLgbRcbRebLgbLibRebLobRcb
RibLobLibRhbRobRebRsbLebRebLobLobRebLebLobLobLcbLibLobLobRebRibLgbLibL
ibRcbLcbLobRobRobLebLebLobRebLobLebLhbRcbRobLobRobRhbLebRobRebRgbLcbRo
bRobLjbLobRjbLhbRcbRobLcbLebLobLcbLebRcbLcbRobRebRgbLebLobLebRsbRebRib
RebLgbRobLgbLibLobLobLobRobLobRgbLebLobLobRobLsbLibRebLobLobRobLobLcbR
obRebRobLgbRibLobRibLobLsbRsbRobLibRebRebRibRobRebRgbRcbLibRobLobLebLo
bLcbRobRobRcbLebRebRgbRcbLsbRobRobLgbRobLcbLcbLgbLobLcbRobLobLgbRcbReb
LcbLobLebLgbRobRobLibRgbLobRibRobLobLobLgbLebLobRobLebRcbRobRcbRcbLibL
ebRgbLebRhbLsbLobRsbLibRgbRebRebRobLobLgbRebLobRebLebRibRobLebRgbRebLe
bRsbLcbRobLobRebRobLobLebLibLobRebLobRobLebRobLobRobRcbLobRcbLobRebRcb
RebRebRibRjbRhbRsbRjbLgbLobRebRobLobRobRebLgbLgbRebRcbRobRgbLcbRobRcbR
ibLobRhbLebRobRobLibLjbRgbRebRebLebRibRobRgbRibLsbRebRebRebRobLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 6; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bsbLgbLsbLibLgLsbLsbRsLcRsbRcbLhbLibLsbLgbLsLsmbLibLjLobRhbRobLgbLsbLg
bRcbRobLcbLjbRjRsLsmbLgbRgbLgbLsLsmbRsbLgbLhRsbRgbLgbLgbLsLsmbLgbRsbLg
bRsLsbLgbLsbLjbLgbLibLibRhbLgbLgbLgbRgbRjbLjbRsbRhLsbLjbLjbLibLgbLsbRg
bLsbLgbLgbLsbLgbLibRgbRsLsbLsbLgbLgbRsbLsLsmbLiLsbLgLsbLgbLgbLgbLgbRsb
LsbLgbLgbRgbLgbRsbLgbLgbLgbLsbLsbLgbRsbLgbLgLsbLgbLsLsmbLgbLsbLsbRsbLj
bLibRsbLgbLgbLibLgbLgbLsLsmbLgbRcbRibRsbLjbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 7; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbRsLsRsbsbsbsbLiLsbLgbLsbRgbRg
bRsbLsbLgbLsbLsbLsLsRsmbLgbLsbRoRsmbRcLsbRsbLsbRgLsbRcLsbRcRsmbLsLsmbL
sb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 8; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRgbRebLobRiLsbRgbRgRsmbLebLhbRgbLsbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 9; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLiLsbLgLsbLgLsbLgbLsbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 10; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRibRgbLsRsbRiRsRsmmbRgbRsbRgbRsbRsbLsbLsLsmbRgRsmbsbRibRsRsmbRsbRsbsb
RibRjbsbRsRsmbLsRgbLgRsbLsbLibLsbsbLsRsbsbLsbLsLsmbLsbLsbLsRsbLsbLsbLs
bRsbLsbLgLsbLebLcbLebRjRhbLebLgbLcRsbLcbLcbLgbLiRsbRgbsbLgLsbLsbLgLsbL
gbLgbLsLsmbLgbLsbLsbLsbLgbLjbLsRgbLcbLcbLiLsbRjbRibLeb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 11; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsbRsbRsRsRsmmbRsbRsbLsRsbLsbRsbRgbRjbLsbRsbRgbRgbRgLsbRgLsbRgbLsLsRs
mbRsbsbRsRsmbsbLsRsbLsbRgbRsbLsbRgbRgbRgbRsLsbLgRsbRsbRgbLsbLsbLsbsbLs
RsbRgbRsLsbRgLsbRibRobRsbLgbLsbsbsbLcbLcbLibLsbLgbRibLsRsbRgbLcLsmbLeb
LcLsLsLsmmmbLgbRjRsmbRjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 12; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsRsmbLeLsbLhbLgbLiRsRsmbRsbsbsbsbsbLcRsbLibLgLsbRhbRgbLsRsbLsbLibLib
sbsbsbsbsbsbsbLsbLgbLiRsbLgRsbLgRsLsbLiRsbRjbsbLoRsbsbLhLsbLgbLgRsbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 13; Drug: Control Apo low
bRgbRsbRgbRiLsbLsbLgbRebRsbRgbRsbRgbRsbRsbLsbRgbLsRsRsmbRgbRsbLsbRcbRi
bRsRsmbRibRsbRsbLsbRsbRjbLcbLoRsbLibLsbLjbRgbLsbLgbRsbRgbLsbLsbRsbRhbL
gbRjbRibRsbRobLsbLgbRsbLsbLsbLgbRsbRsbRsbRobLjLsmbLgbRcbRgbRibRsbLibLh
bLibLgbLibLgbRgbLsbRsbLibLsbLcbLibLgbLsLsmbLgbLgbRsLsbLsbRjbRhbRibRibL
sbRsbLsbLgbRsbRsbLhbLibLgbRsbLgbLsbLgLsbLsbLsbLgbRobRgbLjbLcbRibRsbRgb
RibRsbRibRsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLjRsbRgbRobRgRsmbRjbLjbLebRjbRcbLiLsbLjbLibRob
RjLsbRcbLibLsbRebRebRibRsbLjbLgbLsbLgbRsbLgbLibRjbLibLibLgbLsbLjbLjbRc
bLgbRgbLsbLsbRgbRibLhbRibRibLsbLibRgbLjbLhbLjbRgbRhbLjbLcbRibRobLcbRcb
LgbRcbLgbLgbLsbRgbLsbLsbLgbRibRcbLsbLibRgbRcLsRsbLibLsbRjbLjbRgbRjbLcb
LhbLcbRibRcbLgbLhbLebLcbLsbLibLhbRsbRhbRcbLobLibRibLibLjbLibRobLibRhbL
ibLsbRobLcRsbRobRibRhLsbLsbRhLsbRibLjbRcbLibLsbRcbLgbLjbLgbRibRobLhbLs
LjbLgbLhbLgbLibLgbLibRjbRcbLjbRcbLcbLjbLcRsbRibRgbLjbRcbRsbLibLsLsmbsb
LgbLsbLgbRsbLibLgbLobRgbLcbLhbLgbRobLiLsbRcbRcbRcbRcLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 14; Drug: Control Apo low
bLobRcbRgbLgbRebRhbRjbLgbLsbRjbRcbLibRjbRgbRjbLsbRjbRhbRebLsLsmbRjbRhR
smbRibRgbRhbRjbRsbRgbRhbRgbRibLjbRcbRjbRcbRjbLobRjbRibLibLjbRjbRcbLcbL
sRsRsmbRhbLhbLhbRjbLobRjRsmbRiRsmbRjbLibRjbLjbReLsbLcbRjbLsbLebRgbRibL
ebRcbRgRsLsmbRsbRobRiLsbLsbLibLoRsbRcRsmbLsLsmbLibRcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 15; Drug: Control Apo low
bRibLgbRjbRebRibLhbLibLsbLsbsbLsLibRjRsmbRiRsmbLhbLgLsbLsbRsRsmbRobLib
LibLgbRibLsbRjbRgbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 16; Drug: Control Apo low
bLoRsbLgbRebRibRgbRsbLjbLobRsbLjbLhbLgbLgbLcbLjLsmbLjbLhbLoRsbLibLgbLg
RsbLsLsmbLsLsmbLgbRsbLsbLsbLibLgbLgbLsbLgbRgbRibRoLsbLibRoLsbRjbRobLib
LsLsmbLsbLhbRhRsmbLibLjbLibLibLebLibLibRsbRsbRsbRgbRgbRgbRgbLjbLcbLjbL
ibLgbLgbLgbLsbLsbLcbRcbRoLsbRcbRiLsbLgbRibLibLjbLcbRsLjbLjRsbRjbRibRoL
sLsmbRcbLibRgbLsbLibRjbRcbRcbRcbRcbLibLibLcbLjbLcbLgbLgbRgbLcbLibRcbRc
bLjRsbLibRcbLibLjbLcbLibLibLhLsbLibRgbLgbLjbRhbRjbLjbLjbRobLjbLcbLcbLi
bLcRsbLibLgbRgbRjbLcbLsbRobRobLibRhbLibRobLoRsbRhbRsbLobLibRsRsmbLcRsb
LoRsbLoRsbLjRsbLcbLcbLibLibLhRsbLjbRjbLcbLobLibLcRsbRgbLcbLcbLgbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 17; Drug: Control Apo low
bRiLsbRgbLgLsbLsbLsbRsbRibRiLsbRgbLgbRibLgbRibRsbLsbLsbRibRibRjbLibRjb
RsLsbRjRsmbLibRibLibRiRsmbLibRgRsmbLgbRsLsbRgbRgbRjbLgLsbLgbRgbLgbLsbR
jbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 18; Drug: Control Apo low
bRgbLsbLsbLgbLsbRsbLhbLcbLgbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbLiLibLgbLibLhbRsbRsbRgbRgbL
ibLsbLsbLgbLhbLiRsbRgbLsRsbRgbRsbLsbLgbLjbLcbLjbLgbLgbLibRjbRhbLibLibL
ibLsbRsLsbRsbRsbLsRsbRhLsbRgbRibRgbLibLcRsbLhbLhbLibRgbLobRsRgbRsbRgbL
gbRibRhbRjbRibRibRgRsmbRsRsRsmmbLgbLobLibRibRjbLibLgbLjLsmbRiRsRsmmbLc
bRgbLjbLhbLcbLcbLibLjLhbRibRibRhbRjbLhbLjLsmbLjbRhbLibLjbLjbRgLsbRcbRj
bRibRibRsbRcbLobLjbLibLhbLjbLjbRjbRjbLibLcbRebLsbLhRsbRcbLcbLjbRjbRhbR
ibRjLsbRhbLjbLebRgbLjbLcLsmbLjbLibLibLjbRibRjbRcbLcbLcbLcbLjbLjbLcLgLs
bLjbLhbLjbLcbLcbLibRjbLjbLhbLjbLjbRjbLobRjbLhbRgbRebRibLcbLhbLcLsmbLeL
sbLcbLjbLjbLcbLobRcbRjbLcbRcbRebRjbRhbLobLcbLobLjbLebLhLsLsmbLjbLobLcb
LcbLjbLcLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 19; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRhRsmbLsbLsbRsbRgRsRsmmbRgbRsbLsbLsbLgbRsRgbRgbRsLsbLgbLsbRsbLsbLibRs
bLsbLsLgbLibLgLsbLgLsbLibRsRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 20; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbRsbRjbLsbRhbRgbRgbRgbLgbLsbRsRsRsmmbRgbsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 21; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bsbsbsbLsbsbLsbsbsbsbsbsbsbLsbLgbRsbLiRsbRsbLibLsbLgbLsRsbLgbLsbLsbLgL
sbLsbLgbLgbLgbLgbRsbLgbLgbLsbLgbRsbLgbLsbLoRsbRibRgbLgbRjbRcbLgbRobLsb
LibLibsbLhbLsLsmbRibsbsbLjbRsLsbLsbLsbsbRsLsbRsbLgbRsbRsbLsLsLsmmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 22; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRgbRgbRsRsmbRgbRsbRgbRgLsbRsbRsbRgLsbRgbLsbRsbRsRsmbRgRsmbRgLsbRsbRsb
RsbsbLsbRjbRgbRibRibRgbRgRsmbRsbRibRgbRsRsRsmmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 23; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLgbLsbLgbLgbLsbLsbLsLsmbLgbRsbLiLsbRsRsmbRsbLgbLgbLsbLjbLsRsbLsbRsbRs
bLgbRsbsbLsRsbLgbLsLsRsmbLgbLsLgbLsbLgLsLsmbLsbLsLsmbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsLsm
bLsLsmbLgbLobRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 24; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbLgbLsLsmbRobRgLsbRgbLjbLibLgbLgbLsLsmbLgbLgLsbLgbRsbRsbLgbRsLibRjR
sRsmmbRjRcbRibLgRsbRsbRsbRsbRgbRgbLgbRsbRgbRgbLsbsbsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 25; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRjbRibLsbLsbRibLsbRgbRsbLgbRsbLsbRibLgbRgbLcbRhbRibLgbRsbRsbLibRgbLib
RcbRibRgbLsbRibRibRgbRcbRgLsbLsbRibLobLhbLcRsbLibRhbRgbLibRgbRsbRgbLgL
sbRsbRjbLibLgbLgbLgbLibRjbLibRjbLcbRgbLgbLgbLgbLibLgbLgbRgbLiRsbRsRsmb
LgbRhbRibLcbRcbRcbRcbRibLhbRcbLibRjbRcbRcLsbRibLsbLgbLiRsRsRsmmbRibRgb
LgbRjbLibLgRsbRibLibLgbRsbLgbLgbLjRsbRgbLibRibRjbRjbRsbLibRsbLgbLibLgb
LhbRsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLgbRsbRsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsRsbLsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 26; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 27; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLobRobRibRcbLibRobLhbRobRgbRcbLgbRcbRibRcbRibLsbLsbRcbRhbLcbRibRibLhb
LibLsbRobLcbLjbRobRgbLebRobLgbLgbLgbLcbLibLgbRjbLsbRobLibRjbLjbRobLibL
ibLibLoLsmbLibLibLsbRobRibLibLhbRhbRibLobRibRjLsbRiLsbRobLcbLibRibLsbL
gbLibLsbLgbLsbRsbLgbLgbRgbRhbRibRjbRibLhbLgLsbRobLibRiLsbRgbRgbRobLiLs
bLibLibLibLibRsLsbRobLcbLgLsbLsbLgLsbLgbRsbLsbLgbLgbLgLsbRsbLoLsRgmbRs
bRibRgbRgbRgbLgbLgbLobLgbRibLibLibLgRsbLgbLgbRsbLgbLgbLsLsmbLgLsbRsLsb
LgLsbLgLsbRjbLgbRobRebLsbRjbRobLibLjbLsbRgbLsbRgbRibRibLjRsbRhbRebLobL
jbRibRgbRibRibLsbRsbRgbRebRhbLsbRcbRgbRjbLcLsmbRcLsbLjbLiLsbRjbLibRcLs
bRgbRibLoRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 28; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRibLsbRgbRsbLgbRibRsbLgbRgbRiRsmbLgbRsbLsbLsbRgbRcbLcbRcbRibRsbRsbLsb
LsbRibLgbLgbRsbRgbLibLgbRjbLgbLibRjbRgbRsbRsbRgbRsbLgbRgbLsbRgbLsbRgbR
ibRgbRibRgbRgbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 29; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLgbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLgRsbLsbLgbLsbLsRsbLgbLoLsLsLsmmmbRsbRgbRibRsbRgbRs
LsbLhLsbLsbLgbRhbLcbLiLsbLgLsbLgbLgbLgbLgbLsbLgbLgbLgbLgRsLsbLsbLsLsmb
LsbLgLsbLgbLibRobLibRoLsbLibLgbRiLsbLsLsmbLiLsbLgbLsbLgbRgbRsLsbLgLsbR
sRsLsmbRgRsmbRsbLibRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 30; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLsLsLsmmbRsLsbRgbRjLsbLsLsmbLgLsbLsLsmbLsLsmbLsLsmbRsbRsLsbLgbLgbLsbL
gbRsLsLsmbLgbRgLsbRgbRgbRibRgLsbRibLibRgbRsLibLsLsmbLsLsmbLsLsmbRsRsmb
LibRgbLhLsLsmbRibLsbLibLsbLibRsLsbLgLsbLsbRsbLibRgbLgbLgbLsbLsbLsbLsbL
sbRsLsbLsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 31; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLobRebLobLobLcbLebLsbRebLcbLobLcbLebRebLgbLcbRsbRhbLgbRcbRobRibRobRcb
LobRcbRcbRobRobLcbLobLobRcbLobRobLebLobRobRgbLsbRcbLcbRgbLibRibRcbRobL
ibLebRcbRebLebLibRebLebLobRobRsbRobLobLebLobRobRebLobRcbRebLobRobRebLi
bLebRobRobLebLibLobLgbLobLebLcbLobLobRhbLebLobLsbRebLhbRgbRsbLcbRobLgb
LebRebRibRobLsbRobRobLcbLobRebRobRebRobLobLobRebLcbLebRobRobRibRebRebR
ebRobLobLibLebLsbRcbLobLebLobRebRobLebRobRcbRcbLobRobLgbRebRobLobRcbLc
bRgbRobRibLebLobRobRcbLebLobLebRgbRobLibLsbRebLobRobRebRcbLcbRcbLobRsb
RobLobLibLebLebLsbLebLcbRebRebLobRobRobLsbLobLebRobLobLebLobRobRgbLgbL
obLobRgbLobRobLobRobRcbRobRebLobRebRobLhbLobLsbLobRibLobRobRobLcbLebLi
bLebRcbRcbRobLgbRibRebRgbLebRibLibRcbRobLgbLobLgbLsbLebLebLobRobRebRob
RebRibRebLebLcbLcbRebRobLebRcbRhbLebRcbLsbLebLcbRobRebLobRobRobRebRebR
ebRobRobLcbLibRobRibRcbLobRebRebLgbLobRibRgbLebRobRobRobRebLobRobLcbRi
bLcbRebLobRcbRcbLibRobRobLobLobRebLobLobRobLgbLobLebRebRebLebRebLjbLob
LgbRobRebLobLebLcbRebLsbRibLebRobLcbLebRebRebRgbRsbRebLobRobRcbRgbRgbL
ebRobLobRebRobRebLcbRibLjbLibRobRobRobRcbLobLebRsbRebLcbRobLebLibRibRi
bLobLebLebRobLcbLcbRcbLobLobRobLobLibRebRebRobRobRhbLcbLcbLebRgbLibLgb
LobRobRcbLobRcbRobLobLebLobLobLobRibLebLcbRgbLobRibLcbLebRobLgbLcbRobL
obRsbLebLcbRcbLcbRebRobRebRibRebRebLobRcbLobRcbLsbRobRobRobRcbLebRgbLo
bRsbLobRebLebRobRhbLobRebRibRebRibLebRobRgbRgbLobLobRgbLobLcbRobLebLcb
LebLebRebRobRcbLobLhbLobRsbLcbLcbLcbRebLebLebRobRebLgbRobLobLebLebRcbR
cbRobLgbLcbLobLibRcbLcbRcbRobRcbLebLobRobRebLobLobRebLcbLgbRcbLcbRobLe
bLebRobLobLcbRebLobRobRebLebLgbLebLibRsbLebRebLhbLgbLebRobLobLebRobRhb
LobLobRobRibRobLebRebLobLobRebLobLsbLebRgbLobLebRebRsbRhbLibLobRobLobR
ebRebLebLobRcbRobLsbLobRcbRgbRebLobRebRebLibLobRebLgbLobLebRobRobRcbRo
bLobRebLcbLobLobRsbRhbLebLobLcbLebLobLcbLibRobRebRebLebLobLobLebRobReb
RgbRobRibLobRcbLebRgbLgbLobRobRobLobRcbRobLebLebRcbRcbLcbRebRobLobLebR
obLobLobLobRobLobLobLgbLobLcbLobRebLobLobRebRibRebRobLibLcbRsbLibRobRo
bLebLcbRobRobRhbLebLcbLebLebRobLobLebLebRobRibRsbLobRobRcbRgbLobRobLob
LobLebLobRcbRibRobLibLcbLibLobRcbRcbLobRobLobLobLebRibRobLebRebRobRebL
gbLibLobRgbLobRhbLebLebLebRobRebLebRebRcbRobLobLobRgbRebRobLebRobRobRe
bRebRobLobLobLebLcbLebRsbLobLebLebLcbLobLobLebLobLebLebLebRgbLebRobRob
LobRobRobRsbRcbLsbRsbRibLobLibRobRcbRebRibRobLibRibRebLebRcbRcbLobRobR
gbRsbRobLobLebRobLibRebLobRebRebRebLobLobLebRobLobLobLobLobRobRebLcbLi
bRhbRobLgbRobRobRobRebLcbLobLobLobRcbLobLobRebLcbLcbRgbRobLebRobLobLob
RobLgbLebRobRibLcbLobRcbRcbRjbRibRobLobLobRebLobRobRcbLibLgbRebLobLobL
obRobRobRobRobLgbLebRebRcbRgbLobLebLobLebRobRobRobLgbLobLcbRobLebLcbRo
bRgbRgbLobLebRebLibRobLcbLibLobLebLebRobRobRobRobRgbRcbRobRobRcbRsbRob
LjbLibLebLsbRcbLebRobLhbRebLobLcbLebRebLebRibRgbRgbLebRcbLobLebRebRobR
cbRhbRebLgbLebLsbRobRhbRebLcbLobRobLobRgbLgbLibRebRobRgbRobLibRobRobLo
bRebRcbLobRobRobLebRebLobLcbRcbRcbRobRebLobLobLobLebLobLibLobLibLgbReb
RcbRebRobRibRobRebLcbLcbRebRebRebRebLebRebLobRcbLobLobLebRgbLcbRobLebL
ibRebLobLsbRobRebRobRebRebLobRcbLebLobLobRobLebLebRgbRobLebRibRobRcbRh
bLhbLobLebLobLobLgbRobLebRobLebRebRobRsbRsbLcbLobLgbLebLobLobRhbLebLob
LibRebRibLibLobLibRebLebLcbRebRjbRgbRsbLobRcbLobLobRcbLebRibLob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 32; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 33; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRiRsmbRibRgbRgRsmbRsbRsRsmbRgRsmbRjRsmbRibRibRibLhLsbLhLsbLcbLibLibLg
LsbLgLsbLiLsbLibLgbLsbRhbRiRsmbRgRsmbRgbRsbRsRsmbRgbRibsbLgLsbLgLsbLhb
LhbLcbLiLsbLgbLsbLibLcbLgLsbRibLhbRjRobRgbRgbRibRibRgRsmbRibRsbRiRsmbR
iLsbLjLoLsmbLibLgbLibRsbLibLgbRgbLhbRibRiLsbRsRsLsmbRiLsLsmbRcbRcbLjLs
mbLsLsmbsbLibLcbLibRgbLjbRjRsmbRsRsRsmmbRgLsbRiLsLsLsmmbRcLsbRibRibRiL
sbLjbLcbLibLgLsLsmbLsbRjRsmbLibLgLsbLcbLhbRgbLiLsbsbRcRsmbRibRgbRiLsbR
ibRibRiRsmbLsLsmbRhbRgLsbRgLsbRgRgbRiLsbLcbLcbLiLsbLhLsbLsLgbLgLsbLsbL
cbRsRsRsLsmmbRhbRjbRgbRhbRobLsLsLsLsmmmbLiLsbLsLsmbLgRsbLgbRiRiRsmbRcb
RcbRibLsLsmbLgbLibLcLsLsLsLsmmmmbLibLjLsmbLgbLhbLcbLibLibLiLsbLgLsbLsb
RjbRcbRcLsbRhbRibLiLsbLcbLiRsbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 34; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsbRsRsRsmmbLsbsbsbRgRsmbRgRsmbRgbRsbRgbRgbRgbRgRsmbRgbRsbRsbRibRsbRi
RsmbRgRsmbRgbRsbRgRsmbRsbRibLsbRgbRgbLsbRsbRibRsRsRsRsmmmbRgbsbRsRsmbs
bLsbRsbsbRgbRgbRgLsbRgbRgRsmbRgbRibRgRsmbRgbRibRgbLjbRibRgbRgbRsRsmbRg
bLibLgbLgLsbLsLsLsLsmmmbLsLsmbLgRsbRsbLcbLjLgbLibLibLsbLgbLibLgbsbRjbL
hbLsbRgbLhbLgbLsLsLsmmbLsRsbLiLsbRcRsmbRhbRsRsLsRsmbLsbLsLsmbsbLsbsbRs
bRsbLsbsbLsbsbsbLsbsbLjbLhLsbRjbRsbLgLsbLgLgLsLsmbLsbRjbRjRsmbRgRsRsmm
bRgbRsRsRsmmbLjbRibRibRgRsmbRsbRsRsmbRgbLeLsRsRsmbRjbRcbRibLebLjbLibLc
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 35; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRgbsbRgbRgbRsbRgbRgbRsbsbLsbRgbRsbRgLsRsbRgbLsLsmbRgLsbRgbRsLsbsbRgbR
sRsmbRgbRgLsbRgRsmbRgbRgRsmbRgbRsbRgbRsbRgbRgLsbRgbRgbRsLsbRsbRgLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 36; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLgbLgLgRsbRsbsbLgbLgLsbLgLsbLsLsRsmbLsLsLsmmbLgLsbLsLsLsmmbRsbLiLsLsm
bLgLsbLgLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLcbLsLsRsmbLsbRobLgbRcLsbLjbLgbLgLsbLgbLjLsmbLj
LsmbLibLsbLgbLgbLibLgbLgLsbLsbLgbLgLsLsmbLsLsmbRsbLsbLsLsmbLgRsbLsLsmb
LsLsmbLgRsRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 37; Drug: Control Apo low
bLcbLoRsbRibRgbRgbRsRsmbRgbRgbLoRsbLibRsbRobRgbRjbRgbRgbLjRsLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 38; Drug: Control Apo low
bLjbLibRhbLibLgbLgbLobRibLhbRcbLibRibLibLgbLhbRebLhbRjbLjbRjbRjRjbLgbL
jbLjbLjbLobLoRsbLcbLcbRcbLcbRjbLibRjbLobRcbRobLibLibLjbRjbLjbLjbLobRsL
hbLibLobRebLjbLgbRebRibLgLsbLjbLibRjbLjbLibLjbRgbLjbLsbRcbLibLibRibLgb
LjbRsbRcbLibLjbLibRjbLibLibRsRsmbLjbLcbLibLibLgbLjbLjbLobLobLibLsbLgbL
gbLibRjbLibRcbLhbLjbLhbLjbLhbLjbLgbLjRsRsmbLjbRgbLgRsbRhbLjbRgRsmbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 39; Drug: Control Apo low
bLgbLgbLiLsbLgbLsbRgbLhbLsbLgbLgbLsbLsbLibLcbLgbLhbLibRgbLibLcbLhbLgbL
ibLibLibLsRibLgbLjbLcbLibRsbLibLhbLibLibLibLibLiLsbRibLcLsmbLibLibRobL
ibLcbLsLsmbLjbLibLibLsbRibRibLebLibLibLibLhbLjbLibRgbLsbLcbRgbLcbLibLi
bLibLsbLjbLcbRgbRobRobLsbRgbRoLsbLhbLgbRiLsLsmbLibLhbLjbLibRibLgbRhLsb
LcLsmbRibRiLsbLgbRgbLhbLibLibLibLcbLibRjbLcbLobLhbLibLibRibLhbLibLjRsb
LibLhbLibRsbRibRsbLjbLibLibRibLhbRgbLjbLibLhbLibRibLjbLibRsbRjbLibRebL
jbLcbLobLcbLjbRibLiLsbRibLibLibLhbLjRsbLcbLiLsbRibLibLibRgbLibRoLsbLeb
RsbLhbRibLcbRgbLcbLcbRiLsbLcbLibRsbRibLiLsbRobLcbRoLsbLibLiLsbLjbLgbRi
bRjbLcbLibLiLsbLibLgbLsbRiLsbLcbLjLsmbLoLsLsmmbLsbRjbLcbRgbRibRjbLjbLi
bRcLsbLcbLibLgbLibRibRsbLsbLsbRsbLibRibLgbLgbRcbLhLsbLjbLibLibLjbLgbRg
bRgbLcbRhbRiLsbLhbLiLsbRhbLibLcbRiLsLsmbRgbRcbLibRgbRjLsbRhbRgLsbLhbRs
bRcbLjRsbRgbRgbRcLsbRgbLibRjbLibRgbLibRjbLibLcbLgbRjbLhbRhbLcbLjbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 40; Drug: Control Apo low
bRjbRhbLobLibRjbRibLcbLibLibLiLsbRgbLobRibLibRgbRgbLobRsbLcbLobRjbRjbR
iLsbRobRhbLcbRibRibLibRgbLcbRcbLibRgbsbLeRsLsbRgRsmbRibRibRgLsbLcbLhbL
ibRjbLobRsbRjbRibRgbLobRgbRjbLobLgbRgRsmbLhbRgbRgbRsbLibRgbRsLcbLgbLib
LgbLhbRgbRgbLsbRsbLibRibLjRsLsbLcbRgbRgbRsbRgbLiLsbLibLgbRjbRebRgbRibR
gbLcRsbLibLgbRcbRibLibRibLjbRjbRcLsbRibRcbLcbLgbLibLobRibLhbLjbLibLobL
ibRjbRobRibRiLsbRhbRcbRcbLhbLhbLgbLibRgbRgbLgbRgbLibLsbLibRgbRibLibLib
RjbLibRibLobRjRsmbRgbRibLsbLibLjbLjbLjbRhbLjbLhbLjbLjbLjbLcbLibRjbRcLs
bLhbRgbRgbRgbRcbRhbRjbRcLsbRhbRjbRhbRibRhLsbLcbLjbRjbLobLcbRhbRibRibRs
bLcbLjbRcbRibRjbLcbLjbLhbLjbRcbRcLsbRsbRibLibRcbRjbRobRjbRjbRjLsbRjbRj
bRibRgbRjbRjRsmbRsbLcbLibLobLhRsbLibRibLcbRcbRib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 41; Drug: Control Apo low
bLgbRgbRsbLeRsbRjLsbRhbLjbRibLcRsbRjbRjbLcLsmbLjbLgbRjbLjbRgbLjbRcbRjb
RjbRjbLibLjbRcbRsbLjbRibLibLgbRgbLgbLsbRsbRsbLsbRjbRcbLhbRhbRhbLjbRjbL
hbRcbLgbLgbLiRsbLhbLibLjbRjbLibRibRibLgbRcbLjbLibLhbLjbRobRjbRjbRcbRhL
sbRsLcbRcbLgbLgbRjbRjbRjLsbLcbRjbLhbLibRhbRjbLjbLhbRjbLibRhbRhbLhbRjbR
ibLibRibRjRsmbLcbLibRsbRhbRjbLjbRcbLhbRjbLcbRibRibLjbRjbLhbRibLjRsbRhb
LhbRjbLhbLgbRhbRjbLgbRhbLgbLobRibRgbRoLsbRjbRcbLjbRibLjbLcbLhbRjbLibRj
bLjbLhbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 42; Drug: Control Apo low
bLcbLibLobLobLobRibRibLibLjbRebLjbLcbRibRibRibRhbLgbLcbLjbLcbLjbRebRib
LjbLjbLjbLibRcRsmbLcbRibLibRgbRgbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 43; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLgbsbLcbLgbLibRgRsmbRgRsmbLsbLsbLgLsbsbsbLgbLgbRibRgbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsRs
mbRsbRgbRgbLjbRsLsbLibRsbRsbLsbLgbRsLsbLiLsbLsbLgbLgbLgbLgbLgbLgbLsbRs
bLsbLsRsbLgbLgLgbLsbLgbLsLsmbRgbLgbLgbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 44; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLibRobLgbLibLgbRsbLgbRjbRgbsbLjbRobRgbLibRgbRcRsmbRibRobRibLibLiLsbRg
bLgbLsbLhbRibLgbLgRsbLsLsmbLgRsbRsbLgbLsLibRsbsbRgbLibLsbLgbRgbLibRgRs
mbLibRgLsRsbLobLhbLcbLibLibRcbRobLiLsbLsbLsbLiLsbLhbLcbRgbLsbLsLsmbLsL
smbLibLiRsbRgbLgbLgLsbLsbLgbLsbLsbLsbLsLsmbLsbLsbLsbLgLsbLsbLsbLsLsmbL
sbLsbLsbLsbLgbLgbLgbLgbLsbRsbRsbLsbsbLgbLsLsmbLsbLsbLgLsbLsbLsbLsbLsLs
mbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLgLsbLsbLsbLsbLgbLsbLsbLgbLgbLgbLsbRsbLgbLgb
RgbLgRsbRgbLibLsbRsbLsbLsLsLsmmbLsbsbLgRsbLgLsbLgbLgbLgbLsbLgRsbLgbRsR
smbLibLsbLsbLgLsbLobRsbLsRsbLgbLsbLsLsmbLsbLsbLsbLgbLsLsmbLgbLsLsmbLsb
LsbLgbLsbLsbLgbLgbLsLsmbLsLsmbLgbLsbLsbsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLgbLsbLsLsmbRsbLs
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 45; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRgbRgbLsbRgbRsbRsbRgRsmbLsbRgbLsbRibRgbRgbRcbLcbLcbLoLsmbLcbLgbLsbRsb
LgbRgbRibRgbRgbRsbRcbsbLcbRibRibLjbRibRgbRgbLsbRgRsRsmmbRsLsbRgbRibLob
LibRsbLcbRibLsbRgbRibRibLjbRgbRgRsmbLjbLgLsbLobRgbRcbLhbLgbRsbLgLsLsmb
LgbLgbLsLsmbLgLsbsbLgbLsbLgbLoLsmbLhbRsbLcbLgbRsbRsbLibRhbRgbRsbRgbRgb
RgbLsLsmbRgbLsbRgbLcbLibsbLiRsbRgbLgbLgLsLsmbLsLsmbLgbLgbLsbLgbLsLsLsL
smmmbLgbLsbLgLsbRgbLiLsbRsbLiLsbLgbLibLgbLgbLgbLgbLgbLsbLgLsbLgLsbLgbL
gbLgbLgLsbLsLsmbLgbLibLgbLgbLsbLgbLsLsmbLgLsbLsLsmbLsbLibRgRsmbRgbRhbL
jbRcbLgbRiLsbRgbRgbRsbLjbLobRsbLcbLgbRsbRsbRsbLsbLebRjbLibLibRgbLsbLcb
RhRsmbLsRobRobRcbRjbLobLgLsbLsbRgbLhbLobLibRsbLgbRjbLjbLgLsbLsbLgLsbRs
bLgbRsLsbLsLsmbLsLsmbLsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 46; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLibLgbRsbLgbLgbLgbLsbLgLsbLsbLgbLgbLgbLsbLgLsbLsLsmbLgbLsbLgbLgbLgbLg
bLsbLgbLsbLgbLgbLgbLgRsbRsbLgbLgbRsLsLsmbLgbLgbLgbLgLsLsmbLgbLgbLgbLgb
LgbLgbLsbLgbLgbLgbLsbLgbLgbLgbLgbLgbLgbLsbLsLgbLsLsLsmmbLgLsLsmbLsbLgL
sbLgbLgLsLsmbLgbLgLsbLgbLgLsbLgbLgLsbLgLsbRsLsbLibLgbLgbLgbLsbLgLsbLgL
sbLgbLiRsbRgbLiLsbRsbLgbLgLsbLgbLsbLsRsbLiRsbRsRsmbRsLibLgbLgbLgbLgbLs
bLgbLgbLsbRsLsbLjLcbRibLhRsbLsbsbRsbLibRsbRsbRgbLcRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 47; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLibLiLsbLsLsmbLibLcLsmbLcbLgbLhbRsbLibLibLhbLjLsmbLhbLgbLcLsLsmmbLjLs
mbRsLjLsmbLhLsbLgLsbLsbLgbLibLibLibLibLjLsLsmmbLibLsLsmbLgRsbLsbLgRsRs
mbLgRsbLsbLgLsbLhbRsRsRsRsmmmbRsRsmbRgbRsbRgbLsLgbLsbLsLsmbRsbRsRsmbLs
RsbsbLsbRsbsbRsbsbRsbRsRsmbsbLsLsLsmmbLsLsLsmmbLgbLsbRsbLsLsmbLsbLsbRs
bLsLsmbLsLsmbLsbsbLsbsbLsbLsbLsLsRsmbsbRsbLsbLsbLsbLsLsmbLsLsmbLsbLsLs
mbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144405; End: 144905;
Recording: 1-1; Individual: 48; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLhbLiLsbLgbRibRibRibLgbLcbLibLsbLsbRsLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbRgbRibRibRsbRibRg
bsbRsbRgbRgbRsbLjbRsRsmbRsbRsbRsbLjbRsRsmbRgbLsLsmbRgLsRsbRibRgbRsRsmb
LgbLgbLsbLsbLiRsbRjbLibLsLsLsmmbLibLibLsbRsRsmbLjLsLsmmbLsLsmbLgbLsbLs
bLsLsmbLsbLsLsLsmmbRsRsmbRsRsmbLobRsbLsbLsLsmbLsLsmbLsbRsbRsLsbLsLsmbL
gbLsbRsLsbLsbLsbLgLsbLgbRgbRgbRsRsmbRsbRsbRsbRsRsmbRsRsmbRsRsmbRsbRsbR
cbRgRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 1; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 2; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsbRsbRsbRgbRsbRsLsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRgbsbRsbRsbRgbLsbLsbRgbRsLsbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 3; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsbLiLsbLgbLsbLgbLsLsmbLgbLgbLgbLgbLsbLsbLgbLgbLgbLgbLgbLsLsmbLgbLgbL
sbLgbLgbLgbLgbLgbLgbLsbLgbLsbLgbLsbRsbLgbLgbRcbLhbLsRsbLgbLgbRobLhbRhb
LobLibLsbLgbLgbLgbLsbLsbLgbLgRsRsmbLsbLgbLibLgbRsbLsbLgbLgbLgbLgbLgbLg
bLsbLgbLhRsbRgbRgbRsRsmbRsbLibLgbLsbRsbLoRsbRibLsbLsbLgbLjbLobLibRgbLg
bRhLsbLsbLibRjbRgbLobRgRsmbLibLgbLcRsbLobRgbLjbLobRobRgbRgbRibLsbLjbRi
bRoLsbRobRebRgbLjbLoRsbRsbLgbRobRibRobLsbRgbRsbRhbLgbLsbLsbLibLsbLgbRs
bLsbRsbRibRibLobLobRjbLjRsbRsbRcLsbRsbRcbLgbLjbLobRsbRhbLjbLhRsbRsRsmb
RcRsmbRobRhbRhbRgbRgbLsbLcbLhbLgbRsbLsbLjbLoRsbLsRsbRibLjbLobLgRsbRsbL
sbRjbLcbLgbLgbLiRsRsmbRsLsbRebLjbRibRiLsbLsbRsbLgbLgbRsbLibLsbLgbLgbLj
bLibRcbLgbLibRsbLgbLgbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLgbLgbLgbLsLsmbLsbLgbLsbLgLsbLsbL
sLgbLgbLsbLgbLgbLhRsbLgbRjbLobLcbLgbLsbLgbLsbRjbRibLobRjbLgbLobRhbLcbR
gbRibRsbLsbLgbRsbLgbLgbRjbRgbLsbLsLsmbRobRjbRgbRsbRcRsmbLsbLiRsbLsbLcb
RsbLjbRibLjbRcbRobRgbLobLsbRjbRgbRgbRgbLsbLcbRgbRibLobLobLgbsbRsbRgbRs
bRsbRgbRsbRibLsbRgbLcbLoRsbLjbRoLsRsbRibRcbRebRgbLsbRsbLsRsbRgbLobLobL
obRhbLsbLsLsmbLsbLcbRgbRibLibRobRsbRoLsbRhLsLsmbRsbLhbLibLobLobLibRibR
sbRsbRibLsbLcRsbRcbRibRcbLobLibLsRsbLobLiRsbRsbRgbRibLcbLobRsbRobLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 4; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRibLgbRsRsmbRsbRsbRjbRobLeLsbRhbRibRsbRgbLgbRgbRjRsmbRiRsmbRibRgbRgbR
sbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 5; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRebLobRobRobLobRcbLobLhbLsbLsbLjbRcbLjbLcbRcbLebLebLobLgbLebLcbLobLob
LcbRgbRobRebRebLjbLobLsbLgbRebLsbLobLcbLgbLebRobLcbLcbLobLcbLcbRobRibL
ebLsbLobRibRobLobRcbRobRobRobRobRcbRcbRgbRobLebLjbRebLobLibRebRobLobLo
bLcbLjbRsbRobLobLgbRcbLgbLibLobLobRebLcbRobRjbLcbRebLobRobLobRebRjbRob
RobRobLgbLsbLcbRobRibRebRobLebLcbLobRsbRgbLcbRobRobRjbRebLobRsbRibLobL
cbLgbRcbRobRobLobRebLobLobRjbRebRebRobLobRobLibLibLobLobLebRsbLhbLobRc
bLobRobRobRebLobRobRobRobLobRobLibLobLjbRebLebRobLcbLebRebLobLgbLibRob
LobRebRsbRobLcbLcbLcbLcbRcbLibRsbLcbLobRobLjbRobLobLobLsbLobRobRjbLobR
obLjbRjbLebRobLebLebRobLjbLobRebRobLcbRobRobRobRebLobRebRobRebRobRobLo
bLjbRobRobLsbLebLsbLibLjbRobLcbRcbLebLcbLebRebLcbRcbLcbRibRobRgbLcbLeb
RobLebLcbLhbRebLobRsbLebRobRcbLebLebLobLjbRobRobLsbRobLebLsbRebLobRjbR
ibRebLobRobLebRobRebLgbRobRebRobLobLhbRjbLobRobRsbLobRobLibRibLibLjbLe
bRsbRebLgbRjbLebRibLobLobRobRobRobLgbRcbLibRobLhbLjbLcbLobLcbLobLebRsb
LobRobLcbRobRebLebLobLobLobLebLobRebLcbLebLebRcbLebLobRjbLhbLebRobRobL
obRsbLibLobRibLebRgbLebLjbRebLcbLibLibLgbLobRhbRhbLobRcbLsbRebLebRobRc
bRobLibLebRcbRobRgbRjbRibRibLibLobLebRebLibLobLebRebRibRcbRobLobLobRob
LobLibLebLgbRcbLgbRobRobRebLebRobRcbLobLobRsbRsbRcbLobRebRsbRcbLcbLcbR
obLobLobLebRebRibLebRgbLobRgbLebRobRebLobRebRebLobLjbRobRgbLobRebLebRh
bRobRcbRobRjbRgbRibRebRobRobLebLcbRgbLebLebRibRjbRobRibRsbRibLcbLebRob
RebLobRgbRcbLcbLobRebRcbRebLobLjbLgbRjbLsbLgbRobLobRobRgbLjbLebLibLgbL
ebRsbRcbRobLobLjbLobRsbLobLobLebLsbRsbRobRobRobRobLebLjbRobRcbRjbLebLo
bLgbLobLobRobRobRobLjbRebLsbRebLebRebRobLebRobRebRebLobRcbRebLebRebRob
LcbLebRcbRjbLebRcbLjbRcbRobRobRjbLgbLebLobRobRebLobLebLcbRobLobRobLcbL
obLsbRibRobRobLobRgbLjbRobRobLcbRebRjbRobRobLebRebRebRjbLebLcbRsbRebRo
bRobLebRebLcbLcbRobLobLcbLobRobLcbLcbLebLobLibLebRobRobLebRobRobRjbRgb
LobLsbRebLebLebRobLobLobRjbRebLebRebLjbLjbRebRobRebLebLobRebRcbRjbLebL
obRcbLjbLgbLobRcbRsbLobLjbRjbLobRobLebRobLjbLebRebRcbLjbRobLebRsbRcbLo
bLsbLobRobLebLobRobRobLebLebLsbRebLjbRobRobLjbLobLjbRebLsbLcbLebRebRjb
LobLcbRebRebLobRebLobLsbRibLobLobLobRsbLjbRebLcbLjbLjbLobRobLobRjbRobR
sbRjbLsbRobLebLibRjbLobLebLsbLebRebRsbLjbLebRjbLebRobRcbLebLobLcbRebRo
bLjbRebLebLsbRcbRebLcbRobRobLobLebRobRcbLsbRjbLcbRebRobRobLobRebRebReb
RobLebRebLebRcbRjbRebLsbLebRebLjbLebLjbLebRjbRebLobRobRebRhbLsbLobRebL
obRebLgbRjbRjbLebRobLjbLebLobRebLebLobLcbLsbRcbLsbRebLcbLobLebRebRobRc
bLebRgbRebLobLjbRobLjbRobRjbLobRobRjbLjbRebRcbLobRgbLsbRsbRobRjbLjbRgb
RjbLebRebLjbRobRobLobLobRebLobRobLobRebLjbRobLobRjbLobRebRebLcbLebLjbL
ebRobRjbLsbLebRjbRsbLobRsbRobLobRebLebRobRebRebLobLjbRobLjbLobRgbRobRe
bLebLsbLebRobRebRobRcbLebRobLobLobLebLobRebLebRcbRebLobRebLobRsbRsbRjb
RobRobRebLibLebLobRcbLjbLobLebLobRebRobLebRebRebLobLobLebRjbLebRjbRebR
obLobLobRebLebLsbLobLobRsbRjbLobRjbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 6; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRgLsbLgbLgbRgLsLsmbsbLgbLgbLobRobRhbLibLcbLhbLgbRgbLcbRhbLjbLgbRebLcb
LibLjbRobLcbLcbLcbLcbLhLsbLhbLibLobLibLcbLoRsbLhbRibLjbLibLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 7; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsLsmbsbLcbRsbRsbRjRsRsmmbRsRsRsRsmmmbRsRibRjRsmbRgRsmbRsbRgLsbLsRsRs
mbsbRsbRsbRsbsbRsRsmbRsbRsbLcbLgRsbLsbLsbRsbRhbRgbLsbRsbRsbRsRsRsmmbRs
bsbRsbRsRsmbRiLsbRcbRcbRsRsRsRsmmmbRgbRsbLsLsLsmmbRhbRcbRcbLsLsmbsbRiR
smbLsbLsbRsRgRsmbRjLsbRcRsRsRsmmmbLgLsbRebRib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 8; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsbsbRsRsRsmmbRsbLsbLsRsLsbRgLsbRsRgbRgLgLsbRgLsbRgRsmbRgLsbRgLsbRsLs
bRsbLeLibRsbRsRgbRibRiRsRsmmbRsRsmbRiRgbLsbRsLsbRsRsRsLsmmbLoLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 9; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 10; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLcbRibRgRsmbsbRjbLoRsbRibLsLsLsmmbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLgbLsLsmbLsRsbLsRsbL
sRsLsbLsbsbLibRibRiRsmbsbLsLsmbLsbLgbLgRsbLgbLgbsbLgLsRsbLsLsLsmmbsbLg
bLsLsRsmbLsRsbLsLsmbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbRjRhRsmbLsRsRsmbRgRsRsmmbRsRsRsmmbL
sbLsRsbLgRsbRgbRsbRgbRgRsmbLsbRsRsmbRhbRgRsmbRibRsRsmbRibRjRsRsmmbRebR
eRsmbRibRsbLsLsmbReRgbRjRsmbLsLgRsbRgRsmbRgRsmbRsLsbRgRibLjbRiRsmbRgLg
LsbLsRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 11; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLgbRsbLsbLsbLibLibLgbLgRsbRcbLiLsbLsRsLsbRsbLsbLsLsmbRsLsbLgbLsbRgbsb
LgbLsbLoRsbRiRsmbRsRsmbRgRsmbRsbLcbRebRgbRgRsmbRgbRgbLsbRibLsbRgbLsbRs
bRgbRsRsmbLsbLsbRsbRgRsRsmmbRgRsmbRsLsRsbRgbRgbsbLsbLsbRgRsmbRibRobsbs
bsbsbsbRiRsmbRgbRhbRsRsRsmmbRsbRsbRgbRgRsmbRgRsRsmmbRsRsmbRgbRgbRgLsbR
gbRgbRsRsmbRgbRsbLsbLsLsmbLebLsbLsLsmbsbRsbRjbRsLsLsRsmbRibRgLsbRsbRgb
RibRoRsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 12; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bsbRsbLsRsLsbLgbLgbLgbLgbLsLsmbLgbLiRsbLgRsbRgbLgRsbRsRsmbsbRcRsmbRsbR
oRsmbLsLsmbsbLgbLsLsmbReRsRsmmbLjbRsLsbRsbLsbLobsbsbsbsbRsbLgbsbsbsbLs
bsbsbsbsbsbsbsbLcRsbsbsbLsbsbsbLiRsbLibRjRsmbLhRsbRsbLgbRsbLgbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 13; Drug: Control Apo low
bRjbRsbRibRcbRobRibRsbRibRjbLhLsbRcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 14; Drug: Control Apo low
bLcbLsbLibLsLsmbRobLobLibLgbRjbRibRgbLsbRibLcbRcbRobRgbRibReRsLsmbLjbL
hbLiRsLsbLjbLcbLoRsbLgbRiRsmbRsbRsbRibLoRgRsmbRsbRhbRobLsbRebsbRcRsmbR
ibRibRsbRgbRibRgbRiRsmbLjbLiLsbLgbLibLibRcbRcbRsbLobLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 15; Drug: Control Apo low
bLjbRibRibRcLsRsbLibRsbLobRebLsbLobLgbLsbLsLsLsmmbLsbLoRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 16; Drug: Control Apo low
bRiRibLibLgbLsbLsbLgbLgbLhbLcbLibLjbLgbLsbLsbRgbRgbRibRobRjbRhbLcbLjbL
cbLobRibLcbLcbLcbLcbLgbLgbLsRsLsbLsbRgbRjbLobLibRcbRcbRcbRcbRcbRhbLcbL
jbLobRjbRobRcbLjbLgbRgbLgbLsbLjbLjLjbRobLcRsbRgbRgbLibLiRsbRobLiRsbLcb
LibRjbRcLsbLcbLhbLcbRgRsmbLsbLobLcRsbRcbLobLcbLcbLibLgbLcbLjbLobLgbLib
RobRgbRoRsmbLjbLgbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 17; Drug: Control Apo low
bLhbRobLsLsmbLgLsbLjLsmbLibLibLcbRibLebLcLsmbLjRsbLgbRgbRgbLibLhbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 18; Drug: Control Apo low
bLcLsLimbLjbLjbLcbLcRsbLcbLsLjLgLsbRjbRebLibLjbLjbRcbRcbLhbLjbLcbLjbLj
LibLcbLobRobLjbRjbsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 19; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRcbLsReRsmbLsbRebRgLsbRgLsbLgbLsLsLsLsmmmbLsRsRsmbsbLsbLsbRsbLsLsLsLs
LsmmmmbLsbRgRsmbRiRsmbLsLsmbLsLsmbRsbLsRsbRsbRsbsbsbRsbRsbLsbLsbsbLsLs
RsmbLsLsRsmbsbLsLsmbLsRsbLsbRsbLsbRsbsbRsbLsbsbRhRsmbRsbRgbRgRsmbRgbRg
bRgRsmbRibRsbLiLsbLibRgRsmbRgbRgbRgLsbRgbsbRgbRoRgRsmbRsbRgRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 20; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbLsbRsbRsbLgLsbRsbRjbRjbRsbsbRibLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 21; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsLsmbLsLsmbsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 22; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRgbRsbRgLsbRsbRgRsmbRgbRgbLsbRgbRibRgbRgLsbRgLsbRsRsmbRsRsmbRgbRsLsbR
sbRsbRgbRgbLsRsbRibRgbRgRsmbRgRsmbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 23; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRgbRsbRgbRgbRgbRsLsbRgbRgLsLsmbRgbLsbsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 24; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbsbsbsbLoLsLsmmbLsbRsbLsbLsbRsLsbRsbLgbsbsbsbsbLsbsbsbRsbsbsbsbsbsb
sbsbLsLsmbRsbRsbLsbLsLsmbLsbRsbRsLsLsRsmbRsbLsbRsbLsbRsbRsbLsbLsRsLsbR
sbRsbLsLsmbLsRsbRsRsmbRsbRsbLsRsRsmbRsbLsLsmbRsbRsLsbLsLsLsmmbLsbLsbsb
LsLsRsmbRsbsbRsLsbRsbsbRsbRsbRsLsbsbRsbLsbLsbsbsbsbRsbsbsbRsbsbsbLjbRs
bRgbRsLsbLgbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 25; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLsbLsbLsbRsbLsbLsbsbsbLgbLobRsbLsbRgbRgbRsbRgbRsbRgbRgbRgbRsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 26; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRibLobLsbLobLobLobRobLebLsbLibLobLebLibRcbRcbLobLobRobRobLobLobLcbLob
RobLebLcbLobRobLobLobRgbRebLebLobRobRhbLobRebLsbRcbLebLgbRgbRibRibRsbR
ebRgbLobLibLgbRcbLebRgbRebRobLcbLobRcbLcbRcbLobRobRebLcbLobRobRobLcbLh
bRebLebRcbRobRobRgbRibRcbRebRobLobLibRobLobLebRcbRebLobLcbRebLobRobRcb
LcbLhbLebLobRsbLobLobLgbLobRobRobRcbLobLobRebRcbRobLobLjbLobRobRebLobR
sbRobLobRobRebLcbRebLobLobLobRibLobLobLebRgbLobRebRobRebLgbLebLobRcbLc
bRcbLebRobRebLebLcbLobLcbRcbRobLebLgbLebRobLcbRobRobLgbRcbRobRsbRobReb
RgbRobRobRcbLobLebLebLgbLobLebLhbRobLobRibRebRsbRgbLgbLobRcbRibRobLcbL
obRcbLebLobLgbRebLobRobRobRcbRobLcbLebLcbLcbLobLobLobLebLebRobLebRsbLe
bRibLobRobLcbRibRobRebRebLgbLgbLhbRobLgbRobLebLgbLcbLcbRebRebLobLcbLgb
RcbRcbRebRobLobLcbLobRobRobRcbRebLobRgbRcbLgbRobLgbRobRjbLibRibRobLebR
cbRobRobRobRcbLebRsbLgbLobLobRobRibLgbRobLsbRobRcbRebLibRobLhbRobRibRo
bLobLgbRobRcbLebRgbRobLobRobLobLobRibLgbRobLobLebLobRobRsbLobLgbLobRib
LebRobLcbLgbRebRebRibRcbLobLebLobLcbLobRobRibLebRobLgbRebLgbRobRebLcbR
obRobRobRhbLebLebLobRebRibLebRcbRobRobRibLobRobLgbRebLobLobLebRobRobLe
bLcbLobLobLibRibLgbLebLebLcbRobRobLgbLobLebRebLgbLebRsbLebLibRibRobRob
RobRobRobRebLobRibRobLobRgbRcbLibLobLobRsbRgbRebLebLebLebLobLhbRebRibR
obLcbLcbRcbRjbRobLgbRebRgbRcbLebRcbRobRobLhbLebLebRobLobLobRobRobRcbLo
bRsbRobRobRobLobLobLcbLebRebLobLcbRobRebRebRgbRcbRobLsbRibLobRcbLobLob
RibRcbLebRcbRebLibLobLebLobLibRobRcbLebRcbLebLobRobRebLobLgbRebRobLobR
ebRcbRhbLcbRsbRebRcbRibLhbRebLobRobLibRcbLobLebRhbRobRcbLobRebRcbLebLo
bRebRebLsbRebLobLcbLebRobRobRobLibRobLobLebRcbLebRcbLgbRcbLobRcbLcbLob
LobRcbRobLgbRobRobLobLobLcbRebRibRobRcbLgbLgbRcbRobRibLsbRobRobLobLcbL
obRobLobRcbLebRobRobLgbRibRcbRobRobRcbRebRobRsbLsbRobLgbLobLcbRebRobLo
bLhbRebLobRobRibRobRgbRibLcbRobLebLcbLibRobRhbLebLobRcbRobLebLibRobLsb
LibRibLobLebRgbRobLebRcbRobLobRobLcbLibRobRgbRebLsbLebRcbLebLhbRobLibL
obLibRebRsbLebLcbRobLhbLibRsbRobRgbRebRhbLebLebLebLcbRebLobRcbRgbLibLo
bLebLhbLibLobRibRebRobLibLobRebRobRgbLcbLobLcbRgbRibRobRgbLcbRgbLebLcb
LobRhbRgbLcbLobLhbLobRobLobLebLobLebLsbRobRobLebRobLebRobLebLgbRcbRgbR
ebLobLebRcbLobRcbLobRobLebRobRobLobLebRibRcbRobLibRobLobLebLcbLebRobRc
bLobRibLjbLebLcbRebRibRsbRebLhbRobRsbRobLsbRobLebRgbLobRibRcbLobLobRob
LsbRebRcbLibRgbRobLsbLobLebRhbLebRobRobLcbRobLcbLobLobRcbLcbRebRobRibR
obLobRobLebRobLcbRgbRhbLebRebRcbLobLcbLcbRobRobRcbLsbRgbRsbRebRebLobRo
bRobRobLcbRibLjbLcbLebLcbLobRobRobLobLebRcbLobRobLjbRobRcbRhbLobRibLgb
RsbLobLibRebRobLhbLobLcbLobLibRobRcbRobLobLobRcbLibLcbRobLebRobLebRcbR
cbRobRobRobLebRobRcbLobLobRobLcbRhbLobLobLgbRebRgbRebLobRcbRebLobRsbLc
bLobRibLobLobRcbLcbRobLibLhbLobLcbRcbLobLobLsbLcbLebLobLcbLobRobLcbLeb
RebRebRcbLobLcbLobRibRobRcbLcbLobRobRobLobLebRobRobRobLcbLobRcbLsbRobR
ebRobRebRibRebRebRibLobRcbRobRebRcbRobLcbRgbRobRobRobLgbRgbLebRobLobLo
bLcbRobRobRcbLobRebLebLibRobRebRgbRcbRebRgbLobLcbLobLobRsbRobRcbRibLob
LobLhbRibLobRcbLcbRcbRebLebLibLobRcbLebRobLhbRgbLobLcbLebLcbLobLibRobL
obRobLobRibRcbLobLobRobRobLcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 27; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRcbLibLobRhbLibRibRibRgbRgLsbRgLsbLsbRobRiLsbLibLsbRsLsbRobRobLibLibR
hbRiLsbRibRgbRgbRsbRgbRiLsLgLsLsmbRobLgbLiRsbLibRobRhbRibLgbRibRgRiLsL
smbLgbLhbLgbLgbRcbRibRibLsbRibLgbLhbLgbLgbRcRgbLcbLjbLoRsLgbLiRsbLgbLg
bLgbLsbLsbLsLeRgRsmbLoLsmbLgbLoRsbLibLibRibRibRobLgbLibRobLgbLgbLgbRsb
RebRgbRibRgbRoLsbLibLgbLgbRgbRibLibRcbLsLjbLobRjbRobLibLiRsLgbLgRsbLgb
LgRsLsbLgLsbLsLsmbLgRsLsbLsbLibLgLsbRsbLgbLgRsRsmbLsbLgbLsLsmbLgbLsbLg
bLgLsbLsbLgbLsLsmbLgbLgbLsbLgbLgbLgbLgbLgbLgLsbLsbLiLsbLsbLgbRoLsbLibL
hRsbRoLsbLjbLobRgbRoLsbRcbRgbLgbLgRsbsbLgbRhbRiLsbLibLibRcbRgbLjLhbRcb
RibLgbRobLibLobLgbLibLgLsLsmbRcbRibLibRcbLhbLibLsRsbLsbLsLsmbLibRgbRhb
RgbRgbRgLsbRsLsbRiLsbRibRgbRgbRibLjbLibLibLibRgbLgbLgbLsLsmbLgbLgbLsbL
gbLgbLgbRsbRoLsbRobLibLsLsmbLgbLgbRobRgbRoLsbLiLsbLgbLgLsbRibRjbLcbRob
RcbLebLcbLgbRcbRibRgbLibLibRobRibLiRsbRobLibLhLsbRjbLhbRgbRhbRgbLhbRhb
LibRgbRcLsbRgbRobRhbLsbRhbRgbLcbRhbLibLobRebsbLhbLebRibRibRebRgbRcbRib
RibRgbRgbReRsmbRibRcbRgbRhbLsbLgbLibLibLsbLgRsbLgbLsbLsbLgbLgLgLiLsbLg
bRgbLobRibRjbRibLcRsbsbRobRibLjbLibRgLsbRhbRibLjbLhbRjbRhbLibRibLcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 28; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLiRsbLsbLcLsmbRcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 29; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRgbLgRsbRsbLsbRsRsmbRgbRgbRsbRgbRgLsbLsLsmbRsbRsbLsbRsbRsLsbLsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 30; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLgLsbLibLsLsmbLgLsLsmbLgbLgbRsLsbRsLsbLsLsmbLgLsLsmbLgLsbLgLsbLgLsbLg
bLsLsmbLsLsLsmmbRsLsbLsbLebRoLsbRibLcbRoRsmbLgbLgbLibLiLsbLiLsbLgbLiLs
bRsLsbLgbRsbLebRsLsLsmbLgbLsLsmbRsLsbLsbRsbLsRsbLsLsmbLgbLgLsbLsRsLgLs
bLgbLsLsLsmmbLsbLsbLgbRsbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 31; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLgbRibRobLobLebRobRcbLobRcbRobRobRibRobLobLebLobRobRobRobLobRsbLobLcb
LebLobLobRebRobRebLcbRobLobRobLobLcbRebLobLebRebRcbRebLobLobRgbLcbLobL
cbLcbRobRobLobLebLcbRobLebRebRobRibRobRjbLobLibRcbRcbLebRobRobRcbRobLe
bRgbLobRibLebLgbLcbRcbLebRobRcbRobLebLcbLcbRobRcbRobLobLgbRobLobRobReb
LobLebLcbRobLebLobLebLobLebRobRobLobRgbRobLibLobRobLebLebRgbLobLobRibR
cbRobLobLibLobRobLobRebRebRobRcbLebLcbRobLebRobRobLobLebLibLsbLobRebLc
bLobRibRebRcbRcbLibLobRobRebRobLsbLebRhbLgbRgbRibLgbRobLobLebLgbRobLcb
RobRobRibRgbLhbRgbLobRsbRobLgbLebRhbRobRebRobLobRcbRibRcbLcbRobLcbRebL
gbLobLobRibRobLebRcbLcbLcbRebRobRobRobLsbRobLcbLcbRobRobRobRobRobRcbRo
bLgbLebLebLobLebRsbRebRgbLibLcbRsbLibRibRobLobRebLobLcbRcbRebRebRcbRob
LobLobRobRobRgbRcbRobLebRibLcbRebLobLjbRebLobRobRgbLsbLobLobLobLobLobL
ibLebRibLgbLsbLebRibLebRsbRobLobRcbLobLgbLebLobRobLobRobRibLcbRgbLebLo
bLcbRobLsbLobLobRobRobLcbLobRhbLobRebLebRobRobRobRobLobRcbRcbLibLebLob
LobRobRobLgbLebLobRcbRhbRobLobRobRsbLgbRobRcbRobLcbRibLobLcbLobLebLobR
cbLgbLcbLobLobRhbRebRebRebRobRebLebRibRcbLsbLobRobRobLebRobLobRsbLobRe
bRobRhbLobLgbLobLobLobLcbRobRgbRobLcbRobLobLobLobLobLobLobRobRcbLgbReb
LhbRobRebRgbLobRcbRebLobLebRobLsbLobRebRcbLibLobLebLsbRcbLobRgbRgbRcbL
cbLobLebLcbRobRobRebRcbRebLcbRibLgbRobLcbRobLobLebLcbRibRcbLebRgbRcbRj
bLsbLebRibLgbRebLebLobLobRgbRgbLobRhbLgbLjbRgbLobRibRebRebRobLobRobRcb
LcbRebRobLebRobRcbLgbLcbLobRibRobLobLibLobLobRebLobRobLebLcbRebRcbRcbL
obLcbRcbRobLobLobLobLobLebRcbLcbLebLobRobLgbRibRcbRobLebRcbRobRobRobRi
bLobRebLibRebRebLobLebRobRobLebRibLgbRebLobRcbLobRgbLobLobRobLibRebLeb
RebRebRobLobRibRobLobRobRsbLsbRobRebLibRobLebLibLebRebLgbLcbRebRebRcbR
obRebLebRobRebLcbRobRobRebRobRobLobLobRobLebLcbRebLsbLobLebLebRibLcbLe
bRgbRobRobLgbLcbLobRibRibRcbLcbLobLobLobLobLebLcbLibRobRibLobLgbRibLob
RobLebLcbRcbRebRcbRcbLcbLobLebRhbLhbLcbRebLgbRobLobRcbLobRobRobLobRebR
cbRcbRobRebRebLibRobRobLhbLebLobRebRhbLcbLsbLobRobLebRcbRebRcbLobRobRo
bLjbLobRebLobLcbRcbRobLibRebRcbRobLcbRobRobLobLobRgbRibLcbRgbLobLebRsb
LobRgbRhbLobLebRebLobRobRobLsbRcbRobRebLgbRobLcbLsbLcbLcbRobLobRobRgbR
obLebRobRobRobLebLebLebLgbRcbLobLibLobLibLebRobRebRobRebLobLcbRobLobLi
bRebRobRgbRobLobLibLebLobRsbLobRibLebRgbRhbLobLobLcbLebLobRcbRobRsbRob
RsbRobRebRebLcbRobRsbLobRobRibRobRobRobLcbRobRebRibRebLobLobLhbLobLcbR
gbLcbRibRhbRobLibLebLjbRebRobLebLebRebLgbLebLobRebRebLobRobRcbLobRobRs
bRebRobRobLgbRobLibRsbLcbRcbLobRebRebRebLsbLcbLobRibLobRebRobRobRebReb
LobRobLobRobRobRibLgbRcbLobRobRsbLgbLobLobRobLobLcbRobRobLibRcbRobLibR
obRcbRibLobRobLibLobLcbRobRibLobRsbLebLcbLibLobLebLgbRebLebLibLcbLobRo
bRibLebRcbLcbLcbRcbLobRhbRobRobRobLcbRobRobLobLebRgbRcbRibRobLebRobRcb
RgbRcbLobLebLgbRobRobLobLobLebRobLobRebRibLobRgbLobRibRebLsbRobLobLobR
obRobLebRcbLebRibRcbRebRibRobLebRobLibLebLebRebLobRobRebRcbRebRobLobRi
bRobRobRobLebLcbLobRebRobRobRobRobLcbRgbRgbRobRobRobLobRebLobRobRobLob
LebLcbLcbLobRebLobLcbRobRobRcbRhbLobLibLebLebLcbLobRcbLibLobLebLobRobR
sbLjbRobRcbLcbRobLgbLobRibRcbRibLibRobLobRebLebRgbRobLobLibLcbRobLobLe
bLcbRgbRobRebRobRebLjbLebRcbLebLcbLebLcbRebRebRcbRobLobLobRebRibRebLob
LibLobRgbLgbRobLobLhbLobRsbRobLobRebLobLobRobLcbRgbRgbRcbLebLob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 32; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bsbRsRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 33; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsLsmbLhLsbLibLgLsbLsLsmbLgbLgLsbLgLsbLcbLobLsLsmbLhLsbLsLsmbLibLsLsm
bRobRcbLjLsmbLcbLcbLcbLsLsmbLgLsbLgbLgLsbLibsbLiLsLsmbLgLsLsmbLsLsLsLs
mmmbRibLcRsbRibRibRsRgbRgbRgbRsbLcbLibLgLsbRiRsmbLiLsbLcLsLsmmbLiLsbLi
LsbLgbRsLsbLgLsbLgbLibsbLsLsLsmmbLsLsLsmmbLgbLibRcRsRsmmbRjbRhbRgbsbRs
RsmbRsLobLobLsLsmbLhbLsbRiRsmbRcbRgbRiLsLsmbLsbRcbsbLjLsLsmmbRsbRgbRgb
RiLsbRsbRiRsmbsbLsLsmbRoLsbRcbRiRsmbRsbsbRjLsLsmbRsbLeRsbLgLsbLiLsbLcL
sLsmmbLeLsbRsLsbLibLsLsmbLgLsbRsLsbRobRhbRibRibLsLsmbLcLsmbLibLsbLjLsm
bLjRsLsLsmbLgbLsbLgRsRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 34; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRhbRibLsLsLsmmbLgbLhbRsRsmbRiRsmbLebLsLsLsmmbLgbLgbRsbRhRsmbLhbLsLsmb
LiLsbLsbLsbLiLsLsmbLsLsmbLibLgbLsLsmbLsLsLsmmbLsbReRsmbLhLgLsbLcbLebRi
bRhbRgRsmbRiRsmbRiRsmbRcbRgbLhLgbLiLsbLibRsRsmbRsbRgbLjbLcbLgbLgbRsLsR
sbRgbLsLjbLsLsmbLibLsRsbRcbRhbLjbRibRibLibLsRsbLgbRiRsmbLebRsbRibRebRi
bRiRsmbRgRsmbRibRgbsbRibRgRsRsmmbRgbRjbRibRgRsmbRgbRgbRgRsmbLjRsLcRsbL
sLsmbLoLsLsmmbRsLsLsmbLsLgLsbLibLgLsbLgbLebLoLsmbLiLsbLcbRsLgbLsbLibRo
bRhbRiLsbLibRsbLiLsRsbRsbLsLsmbRgbsbLsbsbsbRiRsmbRgbRgbLgLsLsmbLjbLgbR
sbRiLsbRsLsbLsbLsLsmbLgLsLsmbRsLcbRjLsLibRgbLibLsRsLsbRsLgbLibLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 35; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bsbRgbRsbRgbRsRsmbRsbRgbLsLsmbRsbRsRsmbRsLsRsbsbRgbLsbRibLsbsbRgbRsRsR
smmbLsbRgbRsbRgbLcbRgbRgbLsRsbRsbRsRsmbRgRsmbRsbRgRsmbRsRsRsmmbsbsbRsR
smbRgRsmbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 36; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLgbLsLsmbLsbLsbRsbLiLsLsmbLsbLsbLgLsbLeRsbLgbLsRsRsmbRgbRibRhbLsRsbLs
LsmbRgLsRsbLcbLsbLgbLgbLgLsbLgRsLsbLsbLsbLsbLsLsLsmmbLgbLgbLsLsmbLsbLg
bLsbLsbRsbRjbRibRsbRibRsbLsbLsbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 37; Drug: Control Apo low
bLjbLhbRibRibRgbLsbLgbRgbRgbRibRsbLjbLsbLsbLgbRsbRib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 38; Drug: Control Apo low
bRobLcbLcRsbLcbLhbLibLhbLcRsbLibLgbLibLobRcbRibRjbRjbRcbLcbLhbLibRjbLh
bLhbLjbLhbLjbLgRsbRobRhbLjbRjbRobLoRsbRibRjbRcbRcbLibLgbLgbRsbRsbLgbRo
bLibLgbLgRsbLsRsbLjbLibLjbRcbLibLgbRgbLsbLsbLiRsbLcbLobLsbLcbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 39; Drug: Control Apo low
bLcbRcbRjRsmbRjbLjRsbLgbRgLsbRgbLgbLibRgbRjbRiRsmbRibRgbRgbRgbRhbRgLsb
RibRibRgLsbRgbRsbRgbRgbRgbRhbRgbRibRgbRsbLibRjbLibRjbLibRgbRiLsbLhbLgR
sbRjbRibRjbLobLiLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 40; Drug: Control Apo low
bRjbRcbRhbRcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 41; Drug: Control Apo low
bRhLsbRcbRcRsmbRhbRoLsbLobsbLgbLiRsbLgbLgbLgLsbLobLhbLgbLsbRsbRibLgbRi
bLgbRhbLibLibLhRsRsmbLgbLgbLgbLibLsbLgbLjbLhbRgbLgbLibLgbLsbRgbRgbLjbL
jLsmbLhbLgbLgbRgbLibLgbRgbLjbLiRsbLsbLgbLsbLgbRibRcbLjLsmbRibLjbLibLgb
RhbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 42; Drug: Control Apo low
bRebRsbLoRjbLobLobRsbRgLsbRibRgbLebsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 43; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbRsbLsbLgbLibLibLsLgLsbLgbLsbRsbLgbRsbLsbRobLibLgbLgbLsbRjbLsLsmbLi
bLsbRsbLsLgbLgbLhbLibLibLibRsRsmbLgbRgbRgbLgbRibLgRsbRibRsRgbRibRibLgL
sbRgbRgbRgbRgbLsbRsbRgbRhbLcbLobRibLjbRgRsmbRgbLsbRgbRsbRgbRsbRib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 44; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbLsbLsbRsbLsbsbLgbLgbLsbRsbLsbLgbRsbRsLsbLsbLsbRsbRibRsbRjRsmbRsbLs
bLsbLsbLsbRgbRsLhbLsbLsbLgbsbLsLsmbLgbLjLsmbLsbLsLsmbLsbLsRsbRsRsmbRsR
smbsbLibLgbLsbLgbLgbLgbLsbLsbRsbLgbLibLgbLsLsmbLgbLibLibLcRsRsmbLsbLsb
LgbLsbsbRgbRsbLgbRsbRsbsbLgbLsbLsRsbRsRsmbRsbRgbLsbRibLsbRsbLsbLsbLgLs
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 45; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbLgbRsbLgbLgbLsLsmbRsbLsLgbLsbLsbsbLgLsbRsbLgLsbRsbLsLsmbLgbLsbLgRs
bLiLsbRibRcbLgbLgbLgbLgbLobsbLgbRibRgbRibLoLsmbLebRsbLibRsbLibLsbLsbLs
bLsbLsbLgbLsbLgbLgLsbLsbLgLsbRsbLgRsLsbRsbLibLjRsbLsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 46; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbLibRsLsbLhbLhbLhbRcRobRibLhbRibRsLebRgLsRsbRgbRebLibRjbLsLsmbLgbLi
LsRsbRsbLsbLibLsbRsbLobRgbLgLsbLgbRcbRibLibLsbLibRcbRobRibLjbLobRibRgb
LcbRjbLebRibLibLgbLhbLsbRcbLcLibRibLibLgbLcbLhb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 47; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbLsbLsbLsbLsLsmbsbLsLsRsmbLsbRsbLsbRsRsmbLgbRsbLgbLsbLgLsbLsLsmbsbs
bLsbLsLsLsLsmmmbLsbLsbLgbLsbLgbLgRsbLsbLsbLsbLsLsmbLsbLsbRsbLgbLsbLsbL
sbLsLsmbLsbLsbLsbLsLsmbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLgRsbLsbLgRsbLgRsbLgbLsbLsbLs
bLsbLgbLgbLsbLsLsmbLsLsmbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsLsLsmmbLsLsmbLsLsLsmmbRsR
smbLsbLsLsmbLsLsmbLsbLgRsbLsLsmbLsbLsbLsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 144906; End: 145406;
Recording: 2-1; Individual: 48; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRgbRgbLgLsbLgbRgLsbRjbRgbLsbRsbRsbRsbLibRsbRgbRsLsbRgbRgbsbLsbLgbRjRs
mbRhLsbRsbRsLsbRgbRsbRsbRgbRgbRsRsmbRgbRiLsbRibLsLsmbLsLsmbRsbRgbRsbLs
bRibRibRibRsRsmbRsLsbRgRsmbRgbRsbRgbsbLsbRgbRsbLsbRsbRgbRsbRgbRsbLgLsR
sbLiRsbLsRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 1; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLsbsbsbLsbsbRsRsmbLsbLsbLjbRgbLobRobRcbRcbRobLcbLebLcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 2; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLgLsLsmbRsbRsbRsbLsbLsRsbRsbRsbRsbsbLsbRsRsmbRsRsRsmmbRsbRgbRsbLsbRob
RsbRgbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRgbLsbRsbRjLsbsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 3; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLobLgbRhbRoRsmbRcbLsbLsbLgLsbRobRobRsRibLgbRsbLsbLsbLjbRjbLcRsbLgbRsb
RcbLebLobLibRibLsbRgbRibRibRgbRgbLsbLsbRgbRobLcbLcRsbLibLhbRsbLgbLgbLs
bLibLgRsbLgRsbLgbRjbLcbRebLibLobLsbLsbRsbLsbLgbRcbLcbLibLhbLgRsbLsbRsb
RibLcbRhbRsbRobLobLibLibLhbLobRsbLsbRibLsbLgbLjbRebLobLobRgbLibLibLsbL
cRsbLoRsbRcbRhbRibRjbRhLsRsbLsbRibLhbRibLjbRcLsbLgbRjbRcbRhbRgbRgRsmbR
ibRjRsmbLibLibRibRebLobRgbRgbLoRsbRsbRgbRgbRcbRcbRgbRgbRibLcbRobRsRibR
ibRibRibRhbRhbRgbRibRibRibRgbRcbRoRsmbRibRibRgbsbRcbRgbRib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 4; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLsLsmbLgbRgbLgbLsbRsbRsbRsbRsLsbRgbRjbLibRsbLsLsmbRsbLgbLsbLobRsbLeb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 5; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLebRjbLobLebLebRcbLobLgbRibRobLobRebLobLobLebRobLobRebRibRibLebLcbLob
LobRobRebRebRebLsbLobLgbRsbLibRobLhbLsbLcbRcbLobRobRobLcbRobLcbLibLibR
cbRcbLcbRsbRebRobRebLsbRobLobRcbRobRobLebRcbLebRebRcbLobLsbRgbRebLobRc
bLcbRibLebLobLobRebRobLobLobRgbLobRebRcbRobLebRobLobRebRgbLobRgbRcbReb
LibRcbRcbLgbLebLhbRebRobLobRebRobLobLjbLsbLobRcbRcbRcbRsbRobRobLibRgbL
cbRcbLobRobLebRebLobLobRebLobRsbLobRobRobLhbRobRobRobLsbLibLobRcbLsbRe
bLcbRobRobRibRobRcbLcbRobLobLibLebLobLebRebLobRobRebLebLibRsbLebLobLob
RgbRobRobLcbRobLobLebRebRobLebRhbRebRobLebRgbLgbRebRobRebRobRjbLebLobR
gbLobLsbRhbRebRibLobLcbRebRgbRgbRsbLibLebRebRobRebRebLebLebRobRibLibLe
bLgbLebRobRsbLgbRgbLebRobRobRibLcbRcbRcbLobRibRebRcbRebRebLebRobRcbRob
RobRebLobRsbRobLebLobRobLobRebLobLibLcbLobRobLibLobLebRhbRjbRgbLcbRobL
obLobLhbRcbRgbRobRobRibRobRcbLobRcbRcbRibRobLobRibLcbLebRhbLebRobLebLc
bRsbLcbLcbLibLcbLcbLobLibRsbRebRebRgbRibLebLobLcbRebRsbRhbRebLebRcbLeb
LebLsbRobRobLsbLobRobRobRobRgbLobLibRebRobRibRebRcbRebRebLobRsbLebLobL
gbLobRjbLebRsbLebRsbLobLobLebRcbRjbLobLcbRobLebRcbRebRibLsbRebLcbLobLo
bRcbLebRcbRobLebLibLebRibLgbRebLibLebLobRibLobLebLobLobRgbLibLsbLobReb
LobRsbLobLobLibLcbLebLobRobLobLobLgbRebRibLebLobRobRobRcbLobLobRebLebR
obLibLobRobLobRobLibLobLibLebLebRobLobLobRcbRebRobRcbLgbRebRgbRcbLobLi
bRcbRobRobRebLobRcbLcbLcbLobRibRebRobLibRobRobLcbLobRcbRcbRebRobLebRsb
RcbLebRebRobLhbRcbRgbLibLebRobLgbRcbRobRebRebRhbRebRsbLebRobLcbRobLobL
hbLebRhbRebRobLgbRebRcbRebRgbLgbLebLcbLsbRsbLibRebLobLobRcbLibRobLibLg
bLobLobRobRcbLobRgbRsbRobLebRobRgbRjbRibRebLjbRobLcbLobLsbLcbRebLsbReb
LebLebLebRcbLobRobRobRebLsbLobRebRebRobLgbLebLgbRobLobLobLobLibLsbRibR
sbLgbRcbRobLcbRebRebRibLobLsbLobRcbRcbLcbLobRibLobRgbRobLobRebLgbLobRe
bLgbRobRcbLobLgbLobRebRobLcbLibRgbRsbRcbRebLobLcbLgbLcbRebRobLobLobRgb
RebLobLjbRgbRgbRsbLobRibLibRcbLebRibRobLobLcbRgbLobLobLcbRibRobRsbRobR
ebRcbLobLgbLcbRgbRobLebRsbLobLebRsbRebRsbLobLibRcbLcbLobRhbLebRhbRobRc
bLebRebRcbRobLobRcbRobLcbRsbRebLobRobRcbRobRobLsbLobRobRibRebLcbRobLcb
RebRibLgbLibRsbRibLcbLgbLebRobLcbRebLcbLibLobRsbLobLobLcbLobLebLjbRcbL
gbLobRobLebLgbRsbLcbRibRebRebRobLibLcbLob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 6; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLjbLcbRibLobLibLgbRhbLobRjbLebRobLcbLhbLibRibLcbLjbLibLsbLcbLibLgbRib
LibRcbLgbLgLjbRobLobLhbLhbLobLibLgbLgbRobLjbLebRobLibLgbLsbLsbLgbLibLc
bLgbLsbRhbLhbRgbLjbLjbLgbLjbRjbLibLjbLebLjbRebRcbLjbLiLiLsbRcbLebLibLc
bRebLibLgbLgbLgbRsbLibRibLgbLsbLibLsbRob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 7; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLgRsLsbRebRgbLjbLjLsmbRsbRsRsmbRsbRsbRsbRsbRgbRsbLsbLgbLsLsmbsbLsbLsb
LsbRsRsmbLhbRsbRobLibLcLsmbRhRsLsmbRoLsbLiRsbLsbsbLsbLcRgbRsbRsRsmbRsb
RsbRsbRsRsmbRsbRjLsbRgLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 8; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRiReRebRgRhRsmbReReRsmbRsReRsRsmmbRebRjRgRsRgRgmbRiRsRembRgRsLsmbReLs
LsmbRebRsRgbRsbRgRsRsmmbRsRsRsmmbRgbRsRsmbRsRsRsmmbRsRsmbRsbRgbRsbRsRs
mb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 9; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRjbLjbRebLsbRjbRsbRobLjbRjbRsbRobRsbRjbLebRcbLsbRjbRjbRjbRebRjbRebRjb
LjbLsbLcbLjbLsbRjbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 10; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsbLgbRsbLsbLsLsLsLsmmmbLsbLsbLsbRsRsmbLsLsmbLsRsbLgRsRsmbLgbLiLsbRgR
smbRsRsmbLgbLsbRibLgbLsbRjRsmbLiLsLsmbLcRibLhbLhbRebRobRjbLsRebLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 11; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsLsmbRsbRsbLiLsbLoRsRsmbRibRsRsmbRgRsmbRsbRgbRgbRgbRgbRibRhRsmbLcLsm
bLgbLsbLsLgbLsbLgLsbRsbRsbLgLsbLgbLgbRgRobRsLsbRsbsbRgbRsbRiRsmbRhLsRs
bRcRsmbRgRsmbsbRsbLsbLhbsbRgbLobRcbRhRsmbRgRsRsmmbRgbRibRgbRgRsmbRsbRg
LsbsbLeLsbLsLsLsmmbLgbLgbLgbRjbRjbLsbsbRiRsmbRgRsmbRsbRgRsmbRgbRsRsmbR
gLsbsbLsbRsbLsbLsRsRsLsRsmbRsbRgbRgbLsbRgbRgbRgbRsRsmbRgbRsbRgbRgbRibL
gbsbLsbsbsbsbsbLgbLsbLsLoRsRsmbLgRsbLsbLsbLsLsmbLsbLgbRsRsLsmbLsbLgbLg
bRgbLoLsmbRhLsRsbRiLsRsbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 12; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLgRsbRsbLgRsRsmbLibLsbLhbLgRsbLgbLgLsbLgRsbLsLsmbLgRsbLsbLsLsmbLgLsbL
gbLgbLsbLgbLgbLsLgbRsbLgbRsbLsLsmbLgbLgbLibsbLsbsbsbsbLsLsLoRsmbLsLsRs
LsmbRobRsRsRsmmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 13; Drug: Control Apo low
bLcbRib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 14; Drug: Control Apo low
bLgbLibRoLsbRgbRobLcbLsbLobLobRgbRgbRsbRgbRgbRsbRibLjbLhbLibLibLgbLgbL
sbLsbRoLsbLsbRsbRobLsbLsbRjbRjRsmbRsbRsbRgbRebRebRsbRsbLhbRgbRibRsbLib
LsbLgbLjLsmbRcbLibRsbLjLsmbLibLsLcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 15; Drug: Control Apo low
bRsbRibRgbRsbRsbRgbRsRsmbRgRsmbRsRsmbRgbRgbLibLcbLgbLgbLsbLsbLsbLsLsmb
LsRsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 16; Drug: Control Apo low
bLjbLobLhbLobRgbRgbRgbRgbLgbRoLsbLibLgbLgbRhRsRsmmbLcbLsLjbLcbLcRsbRcb
LibRgRsRsmmbRjbLoRgRsmbLgbLoRsbRcbLgbRgbRgbRgbLjbLobLoRsbLjbLhbLibLcbL
sLcbLhbLcbLobRgbLobLobRsLibRgbRsbLcRsbRhbLcbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 17; Drug: Control Apo low
bRiLsbLibLebLibLibLcbLcbLjLcbLibLgbLsbLibLgbLjbLobLjRsbLobLgbLgbLjLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 18; Drug: Control Apo low
bRibRibRgbRjbLcbRjbLcbRibRiRsRsmmbRjbRcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 19; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRhbRgbLsLsmbLsbLgbRgRiRsmbRgbRsLsbRsRsLsRsmbRsbRgbRibRgbRgbRgbRhbRsbL
gbLeLsbRgbLsbRsbLsRsbRsLsbRsbRibRsbRsbsbRsbLsbRsbLsbRsbsbLsbRsbLsbLsbR
sRsmbReLibRsRsmbRhbRsRsmbRjRsRsRsmmmbRgbRgbLgbRsbRibLsRsbLsLsmbLsbsbRg
bRibRgRsmbRgbRsbRibRjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 20; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bsbsbRsbLsRsbLsbRsLsbRgRsmbRgbRgbRsbRsbRsLsbRcRsmbRsbRsbRgbLsLsmbsbsbs
bRgbLsRsbRsbsbRsbLsbLsbsbsbsbLsbRsbLsRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 21; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbRsbLoLsLsmmbLsRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 22; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRgbLsbRgRsmbRsbRgbsbRsbRgbLsbRsbLsbsbsbRsLsRsbRsbsbLsRsbLsbLsbLsbsbsb
LsbLsbsbLsbsbsbLsbLsbLsLsmbRsbsbsbsbsbsbsbLsbLsbRsbLsbLsLsLsmmbLsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 23; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRgRsmbLsbLsbRjbRsbRsbLsbLsbRgbRsRsmbRsLsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 24; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLiLsbRgbLhLsbLgbLgLsbLgbLsbLsLsmbLgbLsbLsbLsbRsbRsbLgbsbLsbLsbLgbLgbL
gbLsbLgbLgbRsbLsRsbRsbLsbLsLsmbLsbLsbsbLgbLsbLsbLgbLsLsmbLsbLgbLsbLsLs
mbLsLgbLsbLgLsbLgbRsbLsbRsbLgbLsbLgbRgbRsbRsbRsRsmbLgbRsbLgbLgbLsbLgbR
sb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 25; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsbRsbRgbLsbRgbLsbRsbRgbRgbRgbRsbRsbRsbRgbRsRsmbRgbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 26; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLobLobLobRsbLjbLjbLsbRobRjbRjbRebLebLebRsbRebLsbLjbLjbRjbLobRebRebLsb
LjbRebRebLebLebLcbLjbRsbLebRebLjbRebLjbRobRobRcbLjbRobRjbRsbLjbRebLjbL
obLobLobLebRjbRcbRobLcbRjbLsbRebLjbLobRebLebRebRobRjbLebLjbLjbRjbLjbRj
bRjbLjbRebLjbLebRjbRjbRjbRebLsbLsbLebLebLsbLebRebRobRjbRobRcbLjbLsbRob
LjbRebLjbRjbRcbLsbRjbRjbLebRobRebLjbRobRsbLjbLebLebLobRebRobRcbLebRebR
ebRebRobRsbLjbRobRobRcbLobRobLobLjbLjbLobLcbRobRjbRjbRjbLebRobLjbLobLe
bRobRcbRjbRebRsbRebRobLobLjbRcbLobRebRjbLjbRjbLobRobRcbRsbRobLjbLobLjb
LobLjbRobRobRjbRobRcbLjbRebLebRcbRobLsbLebLobRobLjbRsbRjbLsbRjbRjbRobL
obRjbLsbRsbLsbLebLebRcbLjbLsbLobLjbLsbRsbLjbRsbRsbLobRjbRsbLsbLjbLjbRs
bRjbLobRsbLsbLjbRjbRobRjbLsbRsbRobRsbLjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 27; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRibLcbLsbRcbRobLhbLibLcbRibRhbRoLsbLibLibRobLjbRobLcbLgbRobLibLsLsmbR
gbLibRcbRibRibRsbLsbRgbRoLsbLibRobRibLsbRgLsbLibRibRgbLjRsbLiRsbLgLsbR
cbRsbRobLibLibLgbLgbLgLsbRhLsbLjbLibRcbRgbLsRibRobLibLiRsbLibLgbRjbRib
LjLibRsbRsbLsbLgbLsbLibLibRcbLibRcbRibLjbLjbLibLgbLgbLgbLgbRhbLgbLgLsb
LgbLgbLgbLsbLgbLgbRsbLeRgbRgbLgbRsbLibLsbLibLsbRcbRgbRgbRibRgbRgbRsbRg
LsbRgbRobRgbLgbRsbLibLgbLgbLgLsLsmbLgbLsbLsbLibRjbLiLgbLgbRsRsmbLgLsbL
gbLgLsbLsRsbLibLgbLgLsbLgLsbLgbLgLgRsLiLsLibRsbLgbLgbLgLsbLgLgLsbLibLs
bLgbRgbRobRoLsbRobRgbLgLsbLgbLsbLgbLgLsbRobRibLibLgbLibLgbRobRobLibLhR
sbRcLsbRibRcLsbRobRibLgbRibRibLibRhbRibRobLibLibLgbRsbRhbRcbLjbRobLgbL
gbRhLsbLibRcbRiLsbRibRgbRiLsbRibLcbRhbRgbRibLibRgbLgbRjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 28; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsbLgbLsbRsRsmbRsbRcbRobLgbRgbRgbLsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 29; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLsLsmbLgLsbsbsbRsLsbLgbLgbLgbLsbLgbLsbLgbLsLsmbLibLgLsbLsRsbLgRsLsbLs
bLsLgbLsbLsbLsbRgRsmbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 30; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLiLsbRsLsLsmbLsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 31; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRgbRobLobRobRgbLobRebRcbRebLebRebRobRhbLgbLcbRhbRobRobRobLcbLcbRcbRcb
RobRobLobRobRobRibLsbLobLobRebLcbRebLsbLgbLobLcbLobRebRobLobLobLebLhbL
gbLobRebLgbLobRcbLgbRebRibRobRgbRobRobLobLobRcbRebRobRcbLebLsbRcbLibRe
bRebRobRebRebRebLebRebLobLobRebRobLcbLobRebLobLebLsbRcbLobRobLobRobLeb
LobLebLcbRgbRibLobLobLebLcbLibRebLhbRobLgbLcbRebLgbRsbLebLhbLcbRhbLibL
ebRcbRebLobRobRebLobLebRobLobRebRobLobLsbRebRibLcbRcbLcbRgbLhbRebLobRo
bLcbLsbLobRobLobLgbLobLobLgbRebRobLobLcbLebRebRgbRgbRcbRobLgbRcbLobReb
LebLebLebLobLibRobRobRobLobLobLcbRobRcbRobLobRobLobRebLibRobRobRobLibR
ebRibLsbRebRobLobLobLsbLgbLebRcbLsbLobRobRsbRobLobRibRsbLobLebRibLobLo
bRebRhbRibRobRebLobLsbLebLobLibRibLcbRobLobLobRibRsbRcbLcbLobRebLcbReb
RhbRobLebLobLobRcbLebRcbLobRobRibRcbLhbLgbLobRobRobRobRcbLibRcbLobRcbL
obLcbRcbLgbRcbRobLgbLobRjbRgbRebRobLcbLibRgbRobRobRebLsbRibLibRibLobLg
bRhbLobLcbLibRebLebRobRebLebLcbRebRobLobRebLobLebRobLcbLcbRobLobRcbRcb
RibRcbLsbLebRgbRgbLgbLibRcbLhbRobRebLobRibLobLebLobRibRobRebLebRobLcbR
cbLobRobRhbLebRibRebLobLhbLobLobLibRcbLgbRobLsbRobLebRjbRebRobRebRibLc
bRobLobLhbRebLobRebRcbLibRobLibRobLebLgbRcbRebLcbRobRobLobLobRibRebLob
RgbRsbLgbLcbRobLebLebLebRobLibRcbRcbRobLcbRobLobRebLcbRgbRcbLobRobRibL
ebLcbRebLebRebRibLobLcbLebLobLobLgbRebRcbRebLgbLebLcbLcbRcbRobLebLsbRi
bLcbLsbLobRebLsbRcbRsbLcbLobRobLobRobRgbLobLobLibLebLebLobRcbLsbLcbRob
LobLgbLcbLobLobLgbRibLobRobRhbRobLcbLobLobLobRobLsbRibLobLobLcbRobLobR
obLobLibLobRobRebRcbLebLebLibLobLebRobLcbLobLebRcbRebLibLobLebRebLobRh
bLebRibLebLgbRobRebLibRobRebLobLobLebLobLcbRobLebLobRobLobRobRebLebReb
LsbLebLobRobLebLsbLebRhbRgbLibRebLebRobRebRebRgbLebLobRcbLobRobLhbRebR
obLobLebLcbLobRcbLobLobRobRibLebLgbLebRobLibRobRobLobRcbRobLobLobLibRo
bLsbRcbLobLebLobRibLcbLobLobRebLobRebLobRobRebRgbRebLibLobRobLebRibRib
RcbRibRcbLobLobRobLobRhbLobRebRobRebLobRobLgbRobLebLobLebLibLcbRobLhbL
ebLebRebRebRcbRebRibLebLcbLibRibLobRgbLcbRobRebRobRhbRhbLcbRebLcbLobRe
bLcbRobRobLsbRobRobRebRobRcbLobLcbRcbLobRobRcbLobRgbLobLobRebLsbRebReb
RobLobLobLobRobRcbLgbRebLobLobRsbRgbRobLibLcbLobRcbLobLcbLobRsbLcbRcbR
gbLcbRobLcbRebLobRibLcbLobRhbRobRcbLcbRcbRcbRobLebRobRobLibRebLibLebLc
bLobRgbRebLebLobLcbLobRobLcbRobRhbRobRibLibRobLebRobRibRebRobLibRebLgb
LobLobLgbRobLcbLibLobRebLebRobLhbRobRcbRhbRcbLhbRibRcbRjbLobLcbLsbLobL
sbRobRobRgbLobRobLobLobRgbRsbLobRcbLebRobRobLhbLcbLobLgbLsbLcbLobLgbLc
bLebRebRebRobLebRobRjbLsbLobRebLebRcbLobLibRebRebLebRgbRebLebRobLgbRob
LibLobRobLjbLebLobLibRibRobLebRobLsbLobRobRibRobRebLobRebLobRobLobRebR
cbRebLcbRobLebLibLobRcbRebLobRobRobLobLgbRobLibLobLobRibRebRobRobRobRo
bRcbLgbLgbRobLobRibLcbLobRobRcbRobRobLcbLobLsbRobRhbLgbRcbLibRobRebLib
RobRebRobRobRebRgbLobRcbLobLobRcbLebLobLobLsbRcbLobLobRcbRobLgbLcbRobL
obLobRobLobLcbLobRebLobRobRobRobRebLgbLcbRobLobLcbRcbRebRcbRobRebRobLe
bLebRgbRcbRobLsbRhbRobLebRgbRcbLibLobLgbRebLebRobRibRobRcbRgbLobRebReb
RgbLsbRobLobLobLobRobLobRobRebLobRobRsbRobRobRebLobRobRebRobLebRebLobL
ibRobRibLobRgbRobRebLcbRibLebLob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 32; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 33; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsLsmbLgLsbLgbLibLcbsbRsbRgRsmbRgRsmbLsbRgRsmbsbRsbLsRsbsbRibRcLsbRcb
sbsbRjbRgLsbLcbLcLsLsmmbLiLsbLsLsLsmmbLgLsbLsbLsbLgbLgLsbLibLibLgLsLsm
bLcRsLsbLsbLgbLgLsbLsLsmbLgbLgRsbLsbLcLsmbRcbRibRibRibLsbRgRsmbRibRgbL
sbRsRsRsmmbRgbRsbRgLsbRgbRsRsRsmmbRibLsLsmbRibRgRsmbLjbRsbRgLsbRgLsbRg
RsmbRgbRsbRgLsRsbRgbRgLsbRsbRsLsbRgLsbsbRgbRsRsmbRsRsmbRsbsbRgbRjRsRsm
mbRgLsbsbRgLsbLsbRjLsRsbRgbRgLsbRibsbLsLsLsLsmmmbLjLsmbLcbLjRsbLsLsLsm
mbLgbLjRsbLgbLiLsbRsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 34; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLibLebLsRsbLibLsLsmbLsRsRsmbLsbRsbsbsbLsLsLsmmbLsLsmbLsbLjbRobRebRgLg
bRsRsmbLsLsmbRgRsLsmbRiLsbRiLsLsmbRgLsbRgLsbLjbRibLjbLsRsbLgLsbLgbsbLg
LsLsLsmmbLgbRgbRebRibRgLsbLsRsbLsbRhbRebRibLebLibLebLgbRsbRibRgbRgRsRs
mmbLjbsbLcbLcbRgbLjbReLsbsbRgbRiRsmbRsRsmbRgbRgbLsRsbRgbRobLsbRcbLebRo
bRcLsbLsLsmbLgbRhbRgbRjbLgbRsRsmbRsbRsRsmbLsbLgbLsRgbLcLsmbRiRsmbLsLsm
bLgLsbRibRibLsbRgbLjbRibRsbRgbRgbRgbRgbRgbRsbLsbRgbRsbRjbLsbLibRibRgRs
mbRgLsbRgLsRsbRgbRgbRibRiRsmbRiRsLsmbRsRsmbRgLsbRgbRsRgbRgRsmbRgRsmbRs
bRgbRsRsmbLsLsmbRjbLcbLgbRibRiLsbRsRgbLsbRgbRsLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 35; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRgbRsbRsbRgRsmbRgbRsRsRsRsmmmbRsbRsbRgbLsRsbsbsbLsRsbRsRsRsmmbRgbRibR
hbRsLsRsbRsRsmbLobLibLsLsLsmmbLgbLsbLsbLsbLsbLgbLjRsbRcbRhbRhbRsRsmbRg
RsmbRgbRgbRsbRsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 36; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRoRsmbLgLsLsmbLeLsbLgbLgbLsLsmbsbRsLsbRsbRsbLhbLhbLgbLsbLsRsbRsbReRsm
bRsRsmbRsbLsbRsLsbLcbLsLsmbLsLsRsmbRsRsmbLebLgbLiRsbLgLibRhRsmbRsRsmbR
sbLsLsLsmmbRgbsbLsLsRsmbLjbLibLibRsbRsbRob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 37; Drug: Control Apo low
bRoRsmbsbsbRcRsmbRhb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 38; Drug: Control Apo low
bLibLgbRsbLibLibLcbLcbLiLsbLcbLibRjbLhbLcbLhbLgbRjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 39; Drug: Control Apo low
bLjLsLsmmbRgbLhLsbRcbRiLsbLcbLcbRcbLibLsbLoLsmbRibRibLibRibLibRgbLibRi
bRgbLiRsbRhbRibRgRsmbRgbLsbRgbRgbRsbLebLhbLhbLjLsLsmmbLjLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 40; Drug: Control Apo low
bLibLcbRcbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 41; Drug: Control Apo low
bRiRsmbsbRjLsbRhbRibLibRobLibLibRjbRibRibLgbRcbLcbLobLsbLgbLgbLhRsbLhb
LjbLgbLhbLhbLibLhLsbLibLgbLibLgbLcbRsbRsbRibLobLhbLsbRsbLgbLobRhRsmbLc
bLgbRjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 42; Drug: Control Apo low
bLjbRebRsbsbRsbRjLsbRsbLibRsRsmbRgbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 43; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRgbRsbRsbRgbLsbRibRsbRgbRsbRsbRgRsmbRgbRsbRsbRgbRgbRgbRsbRgbRgbRgbRgb
RsbRgbRgbRgbLsbLsbRgbRgbRgbRgbRgbRgbRsbRsbRgbRgbRsbRsbRsbRgbRsbRgbRgbL
sbRsbRgbLibRsbRgbRgbRsbRgbRgbRgbRgbRsbRsbRibRgbRsbRgbLgbRsbRsbLsbLgbRg
bRsbRgbLgbRibLgbLsLcLsmbRoRsmbLeLsbRgRsmbRgbRibLsbsbRsbRsbRsRsmbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 44; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsLsmbLsLsmbLsbLgbLsbRsbLsbLjLsmbLgbLsbLgbLgbLgLsbLgbLibLsbRsbLsLsmbR
sbRsbLsLsmbLsbLgbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbRsRsmbLgLsbRsbLsbLgbRsbLcbLgbLsbLiRsbL
gbLoRsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsLsmbLgbLsLsmbLsbLsbLgbLibLsRsbRjRsmbRgbLeLsbRcbLs
bRsbRcbLibLsbLgbLsRsbRsbRgRsmbLsRsbRibRsbRobLsLsmbLsbLsbLgbLsbLgLsbLsb
RsLsbRsLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 45; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbLgbRsbRsbLgLsbRsbLsbLgLsbLgbLsbLgbLsbLiLsbLsbLgbRcbLobRcbLsbsbLibL
ibRsbLiLsbLsbLsbRgbLhbRsbLsbLgbLgbLsLgRsbLsbRsbLsbLgRsLsbLsLsLsmmbLgLs
bRsbLgbLgbRsLsRsbLgbLsbLsLsmbLsbLgbLsbLjbLsbLsbLsbLsbLgbLgbLsbLgLsbLgL
sbLsbLgbRsbLgbLsbRsbRsbLibLgbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 46; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRjbRhbLibRcbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 47; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLgbLsLsLsmmbLgbLsbLsbLgbLsbLsbLsLgbLgbLsLsmbLsLsLsmmbLsbRsLsbLsbLgbLs
bLgbRsbRsLsLsmbLsLsmbLsLsmbLsbLsbLsbLsbRsbsbLsbLsLsLsmmbsbLsbRsbLsbLgb
LsbLgbLsbLgbLsbLsLsmbLsLsmbLsbRsLsbRsbLgbLsbLsLsmbLsbLsLsmbLsbLsLsRsmb
LsLsLsmmbLsLsmbLsbsbLsbLsLsmbLsLsmbLsbLsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145408; End: 145908;
Recording: 3-1; Individual: 48; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLgbLsLsmbRsbLsbRhbLibLsbLsbLsLsmbLsLsmbLsbLsbLgbLsLsLsmmbLsbRsbRcbRib
RgbRgbLsbRhbRibRcbLgbLsbLsbLsRsbRgLsbRgbRgbRgbRsbRsbRgbsbLsLsLsmmbsbRg
bsbLsbLgbRcbRsRsmbLsbLgbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 1; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 2; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLsbRsbRsbRsbRgbRsbRsbLsbLsbRsbRsRsmbRsbRgbRsbRgbRsbRsbRgbRgbRsbRsbRsL
sbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 3; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRiRsmbRcbLibRgbRjbRhbRgbRobRcbRhbRibRsbLobRsbRiRsmbLsbRibRgbRibRibRcb
sbRibRibRjbLgbLgbRiRsRsmmbRibLgbRsbRcbRcbRsRgbRjLsLsmbRgbRsbLsbRgbRjLs
bRsbRsLsbRsbRgbLsbRsRsmbLsRsbRhb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 4; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLsbLsbLjRsbLsbRsbRsRsmbRsLsbLsbLsLsLsmmbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 5; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLobRobLcbLobRgbRgbLcbRcbLsbLobLobLebRsbLcbRgbLobLebLcbLgbRhbRobLcbReb
RibRcbRsbLobLgbLobLcbRobRgbLibLobLhbRsbRebRebRobLobRobLebLjbRobRobRgbL
obRobRcbLcbRcbLebLebRcbLebRebRobLobLebRobLibRjbLgbRobRcbRhbLibLebLebLi
bRsbRebLobLebLobLcbLobRobLobLgbLebLibLobLcbRebLcbRebRebRebLobRebLgbRob
LobLobRgbLgbLibRobLcbLcbRobRibLebLsbLebRjbLobRcbRobLebRobLjbRebLobRgbR
gbRebLebLcbRcbRibLobRebRebLebRcbRebLgbLebLcbRobRobLebLobRebRebLobLobLo
bRcbLebRobRobRobLebRsbLcbLebLebRebRebRcbRebRsbRobRobRebLebLebRobLobRhb
RcbLibLebLibRgbRcbRobRibRebLebLsbRobRobRobRobRsbRobRobRcbRobLobRobLobL
ebRobLebRsbRebRebLcbLjbRsbLcbRcbLebRcbLebRobRobLebLebLgbLebRebRcbRcbRe
bRebRebLobRobLebRebRobLibRgbRibLibLobLebRsbLgbLebLobRobLobRobRobRsbLeb
LobRsbRobLcbRobLebRebRibRobRebLcbLebRobRcbLcbRebRebLobRobRobLobLcbRcbR
ibLobRhbRsbLcbLebRcbRebRobRebLobRobRibRebLobLgbRebRobRjbRebLcbLobLsbLe
bRebLsbLibRobRebRebRobRebLebRibLcbLebRgbRgbRibRobLobRobLebRobRobRobRib
RgbLebRcbRebRobRcbRcbLcbRgbRebRibRobRobRjbLobRobLobRibLebRebRcbRobRobR
ebLebLebRsbRcbRebRcbLsbRebLobLobLibLobLebRobLcbRgbLebLobRebRobLobLebLo
bRebLobLgbRcbLcbRhbRobLebLebRobLobLsbRebLobLgbRobRobRcbRebRebLibLibLeb
RebLhbLobLibRibRobRibLcbRobLgbRobRcbLsbRhbLsbRebLjbLgbRebLebLobRebLobL
obLobRobRebLcbRibLobRobRebRcbLobLgbRebRebRobRebLcbLebLobLobRcbLobLcbRe
bRobRcbLobLcbLcbRibLibRebLcbLcbLgbLobRgbLgbLebLebLebLobLibLebLobLgbLgb
RcbRhbRobRebRebRcbRibRebRibLobLobLhbLobLebRgbLcbLobRebLobRobLhbRibLobL
obRobLobRcbRhbLobLcbLgbLebRibRcbLebLcbLebLcbLobRebLjbRsbRobLobRsbRcbLc
bRgbLebRobRcbRobRsbLibRobLibRebLebLebRcbLebRcbLgbLobRibLcbRebRgbLobRgb
RebRobRcbRobRgbRebLebLibRgbRibRobRobLcbLcbLobRgbLobLcbLobRebLobRobRebL
cbRebLgbRobRgbLibRebLobRobRcbLebLobLobRcbLobRobLebRebRebLgbLcbRebLcbLi
bRsbRgbRobLebRobRebLebRibLobRebLebLebRebRebLjbLobLebLsbLgbRcbLebLebRob
LsbRibRebRobRebLobLobRebLibLebRhbLebRebRebLobLobLgbLebRibLebLcbLgbRibL
ibRebLibLcbLcbLcbRibLgbLobLobRobRibRebLcbRibLcbRobRibLobRobLobRcbRebLo
bLhbLobLsbLsbRebRebRobRcbLobRcbLobLobRebRibLebRobRcbRcbRobLobRobLcbRob
LcbRcbLobLobRebLgbRobRobLebRibRgbRebLibLsbRibLobRgbLibRibLobRjbLgbLobL
sbRcbLcbLobLcbLobLebRjbLcbLobRsbRcbLobLobLibRsbLobLcbRcbRcbRobRobLgbRg
bRcbLsbRebRobLobLcbRgbLebRobLebRebLebRcbRibLgbRgbLobRebRibLobRebLibLeb
LjbLebRebRebRgbRebRebLebRgbRobLebRhbRgbRobLgbLobLhbRibLsbRcbLcbRobRobR
obLobLobLebRebLibLobLibRgbLebLcbLobRibLhbLobRcbRobRebRibLebLobLjbLebLg
bRebRcbLcbRcbRobRebLcbLsbRibRhbRebLebLebLebRgbLobLobLeb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 6; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLebLsbLibRgbLsbLibLjLgbRgbLgbLgbLibLibLhLgbRibLibLgbRgbLgbLgbRibRgbLg
bLjbsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 7; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bsbRgLsbLsbRsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbRsbRsbLsbsbRsbsbRsbsbRgRsmbs
bRjbLsbRsbsbRsbRsbsbsbsbRsbRsbsbRsLsbsbRsbLsbsbRgLsRsbRsbRsRsmbLsbLsRs
bLsbsbLebsbsbLsbsbsbRgbsbLsbsbLsbLsLsmbRsbRjbLibRgLsbsbRgLsbsbRsLsbLsR
sbRgbsbRgbRsbsbLsbRsLsbRsRsRsmmbRsbRsRsmbRsRsmbLsbsbLsbLsRsbRsbRsbLsbR
sRsRsmmbRsbRsRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 8; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsbLsbLsRsLsbRsRsmbLsLsmbRsRsLsRsmbRsRsRsmmbRgbRgbsbRsbRsRsmbRsRsmbRs
RsmbRsRsRsmmbLsbRsRsmbRgRgbRgRibRgRsmbRgLsbLobLsLsmbRgbRgbLiRsbRsLsbLs
LjbRgLsLsmbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 9; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLobLobRcbLobRobLebLebRcbRebRcbLcbRsbRjbLobLobRobLebRcbLebRobLcbRobRcb
RobLcbRebRcbRjbLjbRobRobLibRobLcbLebLjbLobRebRcbLobLcbLebRobLebLjbRobL
obLobLobLebRobLebLjbLobLebRibRebLibRgbRobRobRjbRobRcbLobLcbRcbLjbLobRo
bRobLhbLcbLobLobRobLebLobRobLsbLsbRcbRcbRebLjbRebRcbLsbLebLebRebRebRsb
LebRobRebLobRebLjbRebLcbRebLobLobRobLobLsbRjbLebRobRebRobRebRebRebRcbR
ebRcbRebLjbRobRsbLobRebRjbLobLcbRebRgbRebLebRcbLgbLobRgbRebRcbRcbLcbLj
bLobLjbLobLsbLobRobLebLobRebRobRobLcbLobLobRebRcbLjbLjbLebLcbRcbRobLob
LobRcbRobLebLobRebRobRobRebRsbRobLgbLobLobRobLebLebRebLcbLibRebLebLibR
obLebRobRobLebRobRobLsbRcbLcbLobRcbLebRebLebLebLcbRebRobRobLobLibLobRe
bRobRebLobRobRsbLebLsbRobLcbLcbRebLobLebLcbRcbRobLcbRebLobLebRebLcbLcb
RcbLobRebLsbRjbLobRhbLobLebRhbRcbLsbLebRebRobLobRgbRobLobRcbRsbLobLobL
ebLjbLobLjbRcbRebLebLcbRsbLcbRebLcbRebRcbLobLcbLcbLebLebLobRobRjbRobLj
bLobLebLebLobLebLjbLjbLsbRobRobRjbLebRebLjbLobRcbLcbRjbLjbLjbLobLebLeb
RsbRobRebRebRebRibRsbRjbRebLobRebLebLebLobLcbRjbRobRjbLsbLjbRebRjbRjbL
obLobRsbRebRsbLobRobLjbLjbRobRobRobLobRsbRobRcbLcbLgbRobRcbRobRobLebRc
bLebLcbLcbLebLsbRjbLebLobRebRebLjbRebLobRebLcbLjbLebLebRobRcbLobLjbRjb
LobLobRjbRebRobLsbLcbRsbLcbLobLjbRcbLobLobLebRobLobLebRcbRobLcbRcbLobR
cbLebRebRcbRcbLobRjbLobLobRobRobRjbRebRebRobLobLebLobLobRebLobRebRebRc
bLcbRobLsbRobLjbRcbRobRjbLobLebRebRobRebLobLobRjbLobRcbLebRobRobLobRob
RobLobRobLcbLebLobLebRcbRebRsbLobLobRebRjbRobLcbLebRobRebLebLsbLobRjbL
obRcbLebRjbRjbRebRebLebRjbRcbRobRebLobRebRebLcbLobLobRob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 10; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRcbLsLgbRgLsbRsbLgRsbLgbLgbLsbLsbLgLsbLsLsLsmmbLgbLgbsbLsLsmbLsbsbRgb
LgbLsLsmbLgbLgbLsRsbRsbsbRsRsRsmmbLgbLibLeRsbRsbRobRsRsmbLobRcbRgbRsbL
sbRsbLsbRsLjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 11; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsbRgbLsbRgRsmbRgbRgbRgbsbRgbLsbLsbRgbsbRgbRsbRgRsLsmbLsbRibRibRgbRsb
LsbRgRsLsmbRsRsmbRsRsmbRsbRsbRgLsbsbRgRsmbRgRsmbLsRsbLsRsbRsbLgLsbLsRs
bsbsbRgbRsbRsbRgbRsbRsRsmbRgbRgbLsbRibLsLsRsmbRgbRsbRgbRgbLsbLsRsbRgbR
sbLsbRibLcbLgbLsLsmbLgLsRsbLgbLsbLgLsbLgLsLsmbLgLsbLgbLibLsLsmbLsRsbLi
RsbRgbRgRsmbRsbRsbRgRsmbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 12; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bsbLobRcRsmbLgbRsbRsbRsbLsbRsRsLsmbRsLsbLsbLsRsLsbLsbRsbRibLibRjbRjbLi
RsbLibLgbLgbLibLibLiRsbLobRobLsRsLsbLgbsbRsbRsLsbsbsbsbRgRsmbLsbRgbRgb
LsbRiRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 13; Drug: Control Apo low
bLsLcbRhbRibLibRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 14; Drug: Control Apo low
bLcbLcbLsbLsbLsbLsbLibRsbRjbLhbRcbLibRjbRgbLibRcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 15; Drug: Control Apo low
bLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 16; Drug: Control Apo low
bRobLgbLibLgbRgbRsbLsbLibRjbRobLsbReLsbLobLibRjbRgbRhbRgbLgRsbRsbRsbRg
bLsbLsbRgbLiRsbLhbLibLjRsbLjbLhbLsLcLsmbLsbRsbLsbLsbLobLgbLgbLibLjbRsR
sRsmmbLjbLobLhbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 17; Drug: Control Apo low
bRobLgbLibLibLgbRgbLgbLsbLcbLibLsbLgbRsLgbLibLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 18; Drug: Control Apo low
bLsLsmbLoRsbLcbsbLibLcbLjLsmbLcbLsbLhbLcbLibRebLjbLsbLsbLgLgbRsbLjbLjb
LcbLcbLebRjRsRsmmbLjbRsRsmbRsbRsRsmbRsbLjbRsLjbLsLobLcbLcbLcRsbLcRsbLi
LsbRcbRgbRhbRjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 19; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLiLsbsbRsbRsbRibLgbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 20; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbRsbLsbRsbsbsbRsbsbRsbRgbsbRsRsmbRsbRgbRsbRgRsmbRgbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 21; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRgRsmbRsRsmbRsLsbRsbRcLsbLsbRsRsRsmmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 22; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRgLsbRsbLhbRgbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 23; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsLsbRsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 24; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbsbLsbRgbLoRsRsRsmmbRsbLgbRobLsLsmbLsbRsbRgbLcbLsbRsRsmbsbsbsbLsbLs
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 25; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRgbLgbRcbLibLgbLgLsbRsbLsbLhbRgbLgRsbLgbRibRgbRib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 26; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRebLobLobLobLebLcbRobRibLcbRcbRibRobRebRgbLibRobRobLcbLcbLobLebLcbRob
RebLobRibLgbLjbRibRobLgbRebRcbRobRcbRibLcbRcbRhbRibRcbRebLcbLebLcbRobR
ebLebRgbLebRebLobLgbRobLgbRobRsbRebRobRebLobRobRebLhbLobLebLgbLebLobRh
bRsbRcbRobLobRcbRobLobLobRobRobRobLcbRibLsbLobLibRobRcbLgbLobRebLobRib
LibRobRobLobRobLjbRobLibRebLobRcbLobRsbLebLobLcbLcbRjbRsbRobLobRebRgbR
ibLcbRibLcbLcbRcbLcbLgbRgbLobLobRcbRobRgbRebRobRcbLcbRobLebRebLcbRobRc
bLobRibRcbLcbRobRhbRcbRgbRcbLebLobLgbLibRibLobRobRobLobRibRgbRobLobReb
RobRebRjbRobLebRebLobLcbRobRobLebLebLibLobRcbRcbLobLobRebLebRobLebRobL
ebLjbLobRobLibLsbRobRgbRcbLcbRebLibLsbRibLgbRebLcbRibRobLhbRebLobRcbLg
bLobLgbLebLebRcbRebLobLobRsbLebLobRebLcbRibLobLibRobRobLgbRobLgbRibLsb
LobLibLcbLobLobLobRebRobRgbLhbLebLgbRobLobLobRobLcbRobRibLobLgbRebLibR
obRobLobLebRobRobRobLobRobRebRobLcbRobLcbRibRibLobLibLcbRobLsbRobRcbRo
bLebLcbLsbRobRibRcbLgbLobLgbRcbLobLsbRsbRobLobRgbRobRobLhbLebLibLebLeb
RebLcbRobLcbRobLebRobRsbRebLibLobLobRobLgbLsbLebLsbRibLobLobRgbLobLobR
hbRgbRebRcbLobRibRobRobRgbRcbRebLobRcbRibRobRsbLibLebRcbRobLibLibLobRo
bRebLobRobLsbRcbLgbLobRebLobLebRibLobLsbLebRobLsbRebRobRobRcbLgbLobLeb
LcbRobLobRsbLebLobRcbLibRsbLobLebLobRgbLhbRobRebRibRhbRebLcbRobLobRobR
ebRcbRcbLcbLcbLcbLebLobRobLobRobRebLobRobLhbLobLobRcbLobLcbLobRobLobRi
bLobRobLobRibRebRobLebRobRgbRcbLcbLobRebLgbLcbLcbRcbRebLibRobRebRcbLob
RobLebRhbLobLobLebLcbRcbLobRjbRobRebRobLobLobRibLobRibLobLhbRcbLobLobR
ibLcbLobRibLebRobLobRobRcbLibLobRobRcbRebLebRgbRebLobLobLebLcbRobLebRc
bRebRobLebRibLobRobRobLcbRobRebRobLobRebRhbRgbRobRcbLobRibRgbRibRobLob
LebLobRcbLgbLobLgbRcbRcbLobLcbRcbLebLobRebRcbRcbRobLobLebRebLhbRebRcbL
ebRobLcbRebRobLobRibLebRobLobRebLebLgbLobLsbRobRobRcbLcbRcbLobRebRebLo
bRcbLobLebRobLcbRcbLibRobRobLcbLcbRobRibLobRobLobRibRcbLobLobRobLobRob
LobRobRcbRobLobRobLebLcbLhbRcbLobRobRobRobLobRsbLebLobRibRobLobLobLobR
ibRcbRhbLebLgbRibRcbLobLebLebLobLcbLobRobRobRobLgbLebLibLhbRobRgbRgbLo
bRobRgbLcbLobLebLibRibLebLobLcbRebLgbRcbLobRobRebRgbRibLebLobRobRcbLeb
LhbLebRhbLobRobLgbLebRgbLebLebRcbRgbRcbRcbLobLcbLcbLebLobLobLebLobRobL
hbRibRebLcbRcbLobLebRcbLsbRgbRobLebLsbLgbRebRebRobRhbRobLhbRsbRebLibLs
bRobRobRobLobLobRjbLebRobLcbLgbRgbRcbRobRibRibRsbLobLcbLobRcbRobLebLcb
RhbLebRobRobLobRobRebLebRobLebRebRcbLobLebLebLobLebLcbRobRsbRobRobRobL
cbRebLobLibLsbRibLobRobRebLcbLebLobRcbRebLsbLcbRobRobRcbRobLgbRobLobLo
bRibRebLobLebRgbLebRebLgbRobLebRcbLebRgbLsbLebLibRebRebRebLgbLgbLobRcb
LibRhbRcbLobLgbLobRebRobLcbLcbLcbRcbRobLobLobLobRobRebRebRibRibRebLobR
obRcbRobRcbRobLibLgbLgbLobLibRebLebLsbRebRobRibRobRebRebRobLsbRobRebRe
bRobRgbRgbLgbLebRebRebRgbLebRobLcbLhbRibLcbRobLcbLcbLcbRobRgbLjbRibRgb
RebRsbRebLcbRobLobLobRobLgbRcbLobLebLobRebLcbLebLcbLebRobLobLebLebLobL
jbLebLebLibRgbRibLibRobRobRobRebLobLibRobRebLobRebLibLebLcbLobLibRobRg
bLobRcbLhbRibLgbRebRhbLobLcbLcbLobRobLebLgbRjbLobLobLsbLcbLcbLobLcbLeb
LobLebRebRobLsbRibRebRobLebRibRgbRcbLobLcbLobLobRobRhbLebRcbLgbRobLobR
obLobRsbRobLebRobRibRobLebLobLgbLobRobLobLobLebLobRsbRcbRebLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 27; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRibRibRgbRobLibRcbRibRsbLibRibRibRgbRcbRiLsbLsbLgbLgbRoLsbRibLhbRhbLg
bRibLsbLhbRcbRgbLhbRcbLibLiLsbRgbRgbLgLsbLgbLjbRcbLibRcbRjRsmbRobRoLsb
LibRiLsbLsbRibLsbLcbRcbLibRcbRibRgbLcLsmbRjbRcbLibLsbLgbRgbRibRcbLhbRc
bRgbLgRsbRgbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 28; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLsbRsbRsbLsbRgbRhbLsbLjbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 29; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bsbLhbLibLibLebLsbLsLsmbLgbLibLobLgbLgbLgLsbLibLgRsLsbLcLsmbLiLsbRobLi
bLiLsbLsLsmbLibLibLsLsmbLgbLsbLibLgbLsbRsbLibLjLgLsbRsbLibRobLibLibLhb
LsbLgbLiLsLsmbLsbLebLgbLgLsbLjbLebLibLsbLsLsmbLibLsLsmbLsbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 30; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLebRgbRjbLgLsbLgbLcbLobLobRsbLjbRcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 31; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLcbRcbRebLobRgbLibLcbRobRcbRcbLobLebRobRebRcbRcbLcbRsbLebRcbRcbRobReb
LgbRcbRobRibRebLobLcbRcbRhbRobRebRebLebLebRcbLgbRcbRebLobRobLebLcbLebL
ebLobRibRebLobLibRgbRobLibLobLobLcbRebRobRobRobRcbLcbLobLobRgbLibRobRe
bRcbLobLebLibLcbLobLibLobLcbLcbLobRibLobLcbLcbLcbRibRobLgbLobLobLgbLcb
RibRebRcbLcbRgbLebRebLobLobRobRebLobRebLcbLobRhbRobRibLsbLobLobRgbRibL
gbRebRobRibRjbLobLobLobLebLsbLobRobLebLobRgbRobLsbRcbRebLebRsbRobLobRo
bLebLcbRobRcbRebRcbLobLebRcbLobLebLcbRobRgbLobRebLgbRobLobRcbLibLcbLeb
RebRebRobRobRsbLebRobRobRobRebRobLobRebRobRobLcbRobRjbRobLhbLebLibRcbL
gbLobRebRobLebLibLgbRobLebLobRcbRobLobRobRobRobLebLcbRcbLobRobRobRebRo
bRcbLobLsbRcbLobRibRebLobLebRsbLebLobLcbRobLibLgbRebLobRobRebLcbRsbLob
RobLobRcbLobRebRobRibRobRibLcbRibLibLobRebRobRsbLobLgbRobLhbLibRebLebR
ebRsbLcbLobLgbLibLebLcbLebRcbLgbLibRcbRobLebRobLcbLebLibRcbLgbLgbLibLc
bLobLobLsbRgbRcbLhbLcbRcbRsbRobLobLobRebLcbRgbLcbLsbRcbRebLibLgbRibRob
LobRobLcbLgbRcbRebRobRobRobRgbRobLebRebRobLebRcbRsbLebLobLsbRcbRcbLcbL
obLsbRibLebRcbRjbRgbRobRebRibRobRobLobLcbRsbLobLcbRebLebRobLhbRsbRobLc
bLobLjbLebLgbLobLobRebRobLobRobRobLebRibLsbRcbLebLobRebRobRobRobLebReb
RebLobRgbRcbLobRebRibLobRobRebLobRsbRebRobRebRobRcbLobRibRebLebRcbRobR
ebLobLcbRcbLsbLcbRebRobRobRobRgbRcbRobLobLibRibRcbRibLobLjbLgbRobRcbRe
bRgbLobLebLgbRobRcbRebRobRebLcbLcbRobRobRobLobLobRebRobLcbRobLcbRebRcb
LibRcbLebRebRobLcbLgbRobLobLhbLebLobLobRcbLobRobLobRsbLebRobLebRcbLobR
gbRibLebRibLebRobLobRobRobRebLcbLcbRsbRibLhbLhbRobRobLcbLibLcbLgbLobLo
bLobLobRgbRobLsbRebLobRobRibRebRcbLgbRobRibLhbRebRobLcbLebRcbRobRgbLob
LobRobRhbRibRebLcbLobRebLobLebLebLobRcbLsbRebRebRcbLobLobLobRgbLobRobL
obLobLebLcbRcbRobLobLgbRobRebLobLobRobRebLobRebLgbLgbLgbRjbRebLobLcbRo
bRcbLgbLibRobLobRobLibLobRobLgbLcbLobLsbLobRobRgbLcbRebRebLibLobLcbLob
LobRobRebLcbLobLibRebLcbRibLobLobLibLcbLibRobLobRgbRibRobLobRobLebRcbL
obRobLobRhbLobRobLgbRcbRebRebLobRobLcbLgbRebRebRobLebRobRcbLebLebLibRo
bLobLobRobRobRobRsbRgbLgbRobLgbRobLcbRebRebRhbRobRgbLhbRebRobLgbRcbLob
RebLebLebRebRibLcbRebLobRobRcbRhbLobRsbRebRobLobRebRobLibLibLcbRobRobR
obLobRobRebRebRebRebRobLcbRgbLsbLcbLobRgbLobRcbLobLibRebLcbLobRobLebRc
bRobLobLcbRebRebLcbRebLebRibLcbLebRcbRobLebLebLgbLebLjbRcbLobRobLobReb
RebRobLobLsbLgbRobRebLebRobLsbLebLobLobRebRebLebRsbLobLobRobLgbLebRebL
ebRobLibRobRcbRobRobRebRibLcbLobLobLcbRibRobRobLgbLebRobLebLobRobLgbRh
bRcbLobLobRgbRcbLcbRcbLobLsbRebRobRebRebLobRobRobLobLebLibRobLgbLebRib
RsbLebRebRibLobRcbLobRebLobRgbLcbLobRcbRebLobRibRcbRebLebLebRibLebRebR
ebRibRobRebRebLobLobLcbLcbLebLebLcbLcbRcbLcbRobRsbLebLobLgbRcbRebLobLo
bRcbLobLgbLsbLebRebLgbRcbRobLobRebRobLebLcbRebRebRcbRobRobLobLebLebLob
LobLgbLcbLobRgbRobLobRobLebLcbLsbRibRsbLebRobLcbRcbLobRebLgbLcbRebLcbL
obRcbRobRobRgbLobRebRebRobLgbRebLjbRjbRobLobLebRcbLcbLibLcbRibLibLcbLo
bLobRcbLobLcbLcbRgbRebLcbLebLobLobLibRebRobRebLebLcbRcbLobRgbRebLebRob
LebRobLebLobRobLobRobRobRobRobLebRobRobRcbRobRobLhbRgbRibLobRobRobRsbR
obLcbLebLebLebLebRsbLibRebLsbRcbLgbLebLobLcbRgbLobRobLobRebRgbRebLibLc
bLobRcbLebRsbRsbLsbLobRibRsbRobLibRcbLibLibRcbRebRcbRobLobLcbRcbLobRcb
LebLsbRsbRcbRebRgbRgbRobLgbRsbLobRibRobReb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 32; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsbsbLsbsbLsbsbsbsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 33; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLcLsmbLhbLgbLsLsmbsbLgbsbLsbsbRsbsbLibRjbLobLibLgbLgLsbLibLsLsmbsbRgb
LiLsbLsLgbLsbLgLsLsmbsbLjRsRsLsmbLgLsLsmbLsLsmbLibLibLhbLgbLsLsmbLiLsb
LsbLsLsLsmmbLgbLsLsLsLsLsmmmmbLgLsbRgbsbLgbLoLsLsmmbLcbLsbLsbLgLsbLgRs
bLgLsbRsLsbLiRsbLsbLiLsLsLsmmbRcbLjLsLsmmbLsbLgLsLsLsLsmmmbLsbLiLsbsbR
sbLsbRjRsmbRgbRibRgbRgRsmbsbRgbRsbRsbRgLsRibRgRsmbRgbRsRsLsmbRgbRcbRsR
smbRiLsLsmbRiLsbRcRsmbsbLiLsLsmbLiLsbLjLsmbLhbLsbRsRjRsmbLsbsbsbLsRsbL
sLsmbRibRiLsRsRsmbRsRsRsmmbsbsbLsLsLsLsRsmmmbLjbLibLgLsbLgbRjbRhbRibRs
RsmbRsbRsbRsbRsbRgLsbLsbRgbLgbRsLsbRsbsbRgRsRsmmbLgbLsbRibLsbRgbLsLobR
sLsbLsLsmbLsLsmbLsLsmbRjbLhb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 34; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bReLsRsbRsbRsbLjbRhbRsbRgRsmbRgLsbRsbRibRhLsbReLgbRsbLgbLibLsbRiRsmbRg
RsmbLsbRgbLsbLjbRjRsmbRgbRgbRgbRsbRgbsbsbsbsbRsbRsLsRsbLeLsbRebRgRsmbR
sbRcbRebRibLsLsmbLsbRsLibRsbLsLjRsbRibRgbRiLsRsbRgbRgLsbRgLsbRsbRsRsLs
mbRgLsbRibsbRibRsLsbLiLsbLgbLgbLsLsLsLsmmmbLgbRebRobLibRsLiLsbRebLsRgb
RsbRhLsbLsLsLsmmbRsLsbsbsbsbRebRgbReLsbRgbRsLsbRiLsLsmbRgRsmbRsbRsRsLs
mbLjRgbLjbRjbLibLiLsLsmbRsLgLsbLsLsLsRsmmbLgbLsbRsbLsLsmbLsbLgLsbLebRi
bLsbLgbLgLsbReLsbRgLsLsRsmbRsbsbRgbRgbLsLsLsmmbRgbRgbRgbsbRsRsRsmmbLsL
smbLgLsbLjLibLsbLgbLgbRsbRjbRgbRgbRcbRiRsLsmbRsbRibRcbRgRsmbRibRibRgLs
bRcbRiLsbLsRsbLgLsLsmbsbRiRsmbRcLsbRgbRibRcRsmbRgbRgLsRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 35; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsbRsbRsRsmbLsRsbRsbRiRsmbLsbsbLsLsmbRgRsmbRgbLsRsbRgRsRsmmbRgbRsRsmb
RsbLsbRgbRsRsmbRgbRsbRiRsmbLgbLsLsLsmmbRhRsmbRgRsmbRsbRgRsmbRsbRgbRsbR
gRsRsRsmmmbRgbRgbRgRsmbRsRsmbRgbRsRsmbLsbLgbLcbRsbRgbRsbRsbRgbRsbRgbRg
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 36; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRgbRsRsmbRsRsmbLsLsmbRibRsbRsbRgRsmbRgbRibLsLsmbLgbLiLsbLsLsLsmmbLsLs
mbLsLsmbLsbLsbRsLsbLobRsLsbLsbLsbLsLsmbLgbRsbLsLsmbLsLsmbLsbLiLsbLgbLi
bLhbLgLsbLsbLsbRibRgbRcRsmbLgbLsLsLsmmbLsLsmbLsbLsbLgbLgbLibLsbRsbRsRs
mbRsRsmbRiRsmbRgbRsbsbsbRsbRsbLsbRsbLsLsmbLsLsmbLsLsmbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 37; Drug: Control Apo low
bRgbRsRcLsbRhbRsbReRsmbRsbLjbLsbLobLsbRobRsbRsLoRsbRsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 38; Drug: Control Apo low
bLhbRobRsbLibLobLjRsbLobLibLgbLcRsRsmbLsbLcbRiRsRsmmbRsbRsbRib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 39; Drug: Control Apo low
bLhbLjbLiLsbLgbRgbLgbRcbLjbLibLhRsbRjLsbRobLibLhbLibLibRgbRibLoRsbRgbL
sbLibRhbLhRsbRgbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 40; Drug: Control Apo low
bLcLsmbRoRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 41; Drug: Control Apo low
bRcbLcbLgbLibRobLhbRjbRhbLjbRcbRjbLjbRibRcbLcbRgbLsbLebLgbLibLsbLgbLsb
LsbRgbRgbRsbRcbLgbRcbLibLjbLcbLgbLibsbLsbLibRcbRebLcbLhbLcbsbLgbLjbLgb
LsbLibRjbRoRsRsmmbRsRiLsbRgbRsbLsbLsbLgbLjbLjbLsbLsbLsbLsbRibLgbRebLib
RibLiLsbLiRsbRibLgLsbRsbRgbLjbLgRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 42; Drug: Control Apo low
bRobRjbRebRsbLsbRjbLsbLebRjbLob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 43; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLiRsbRsbRgbRsbLsRsbRsbRsbLsbRsbLsbRsbRgRsmbRgbRibLgbLiRsbLsbLsbLsbLib
RibLgLsbLsbRgbRgbLgbRgbLcbLibLibRoRsLsmbLsbLgbLhbLobRobRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 44; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbLsLsmbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsLsmbLsLsmbLsLsmbLgbLsbRsRsmbRgRsmb
RhbRsbsbRsRsmbLsbRsRsmbLsLsLsmmbLsbLgbLsRsbRgbLsbRsbLsbsbLsLsRsmbLgbLs
bsbLsbLgbLsbLsbLsbRsbLsbLgbRebRcbLsbLsRsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 45; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLibLgLsbLsLsmbLsLsmbRsLgbLgbLgLsbRsLsbLsbLsbLgbLsbLjLsmbRsbLsbLgbLgbL
sLsmbLjRsbLsbLgbLsbLgLsbsbLgbLsLsLsmmbLsRsbLgbLgbLsLsmbLgbLsbRibLsRsbR
oLsbLsbRsbRgbRgbRsbRsRsRsmmbLsbRgbRsbRsbRsbRgRsmbRgbRgLsbLsbRobRjbLgLs
bRsbLsbRgRsmbRsbLsbRsbRsRsmbRgLsbRsbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 46; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRcLsbLgLsRsbRjRgbLibLhbRsbRob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 47; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsLsmbLgbLsbLsLsmbLsbLsbLsbLsLsmbLsbLsLsLsmmbLsbLsLsLsmmbLsRsbLsbLsbL
gbLsLsmbLsLsmbLsbLgLsbLsbLgbLsbRsLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsLsLsmmbLsbLgbLsbLgbL
sbRsbLsLsmbLsLsmbRsbLsbLsLsmbLsbLsRsbRsLsLsLsRsmmbLsLsLsmmbRsbLsbLgLsb
LsbLsbLsLsmbLsbLsbLsLsmbLsbLsLsLsmmbLsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 145910; End: 150410;
Recording: 4-1; Individual: 48; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLgbRsbLsbRgbLgbRgbRgbRgbRgbRgRsmbRsbLsbLsLsmbRgbRgRsmbLsbRsbLsbRgbRsb
RgbRgbRibRoLsLsmbRsbLsbRsRsRsmmbRsbRgRsmbLsLsmbRgbRjRsmbRgbLsbRsRsmbLs
bRsRsmbLgbLjRsRsmbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 1; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRibLsbRgbRcbRsbLsLsmbLgbLsbLsbLgbLsLsLsmmbLsbLsbLgbLsbRgbRsbLsbLsbLgb
LgbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 2; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsbRsbRgbRgbRsbLsbLsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsRsmbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsRsmb
RsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 3; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRgbRiLsbRcbRibRhbRibLgRsbLgbLgbLibRgbLgbLsbLsLsmbLsbRsbLsbLgLsbRgbLgb
LsbLgbRhbRcbRgbLsbsbRsRsmbRiLsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 4; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLsRsRsmbRsRgbRsbRsbRsbRibRibRgRsmbRsRsRsmmbRsbLibRsbLcbRsbLobRgbRgbRi
RsmbRsbLobRgbLibLgbRcbRhb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 5; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLcbRobRibLobRcbRebLebRobRhbLobRcbRebLcbLobLebLobRsbLebRobLebLobLcbReb
LcbLebLobRobRobRobLobLebRobRebLcbRobRobRobLibRebRebRebLcbRebLcbLobRobL
hbLgbRebRsbLobRobLibRobRebLobLobRgbRobLcbLebRcbRebLebRebRobRgbRobLhbRe
bRebRcbRgbLebLebRobLobRibLibLebLsbRobRobRobLibLebLobLobRsbLhbRibLebRob
LibRcbLebLobLebRcbLobRgbLgbLcbRobLebLcbLgbLcbRobLobRebRobRgbRgbRobLebL
cbRebLebRobRobLebRcbRibRibLibRobLsbLebLebRcbLobRsbLebRsbLobRsbLcbLebLe
bRebRobLebRcbLebLgbRobRebLcbLobRebRebLobLgbLobLebRcbLgbLhbLsbRgbRebRcb
RobRebRobLcbLebLobLobLcbLgbLgbLibRobRjbLebLebRobLobLebRcbRgbLcbRcbLibR
gbLobLgbLobLobLgbRobLebRebRibRsbLebRobRobLcbRobRobLobLobRobLobLsbLobLe
bLobLebLibRcbLebLobRcbLcbLobRebLgbLobRobRebRobRobLibLebLobRhbRobLobLeb
LebLebRibRibLebRobLgbRgbRebLcbRobLhbRibLsbLobLebRobLibLobRobLobLcbRebR
gbRebRcbLobLobLebRobRobLebRjbRobLobLcbRebLobRcbRebRsbLobRcbLebRobLobLo
bRobLobLebLjbLebRobLebLobRobRebLgbLobLebLobRcbLibLibRebLcbRebRebLebLeb
LobRobRebLobRebRobRcbRobLebRibLebRebLibRebLobLibRebRhbRebLcbRobLobRgbL
ebRebLebLgbRcbLebLcbLobLebRebLibRcbRobLibLobLcbLobRibRsbLibRibRebRobLc
bLebLobLhbRebLobLsbRebRgbRobRebRobRcbLobRcbRebRobLobLebRobLebLebLobRsb
LhbLebRsbLcbRcbLobLgbLebRsbRobRibLcbRebRsbLebLcbLebLcbRebRcbLcbLcbRobL
ebRcbLobRebLebLsbLibRobRobRebLobLibLcbLcbRobLebLcbLebLcbRobRobLobRcbLe
bRgbRgbLcbRsbLgbRebLebRsbLgbRibLobRobLgbLcbRobRcbRebRebRgbRebRgbLobLob
RebRcbLobLgbRcbLibRebRibRsbRibRobLobLibLibLibLobLobLobLobLobRgbRebRebL
cbRhbLibLobLobLobRgbRsbRsbLebRcbLobRebLgbLjbRgbLobLcbRebLibLobRobRebRi
bLebRobLebRobRobRobRebLobLobLobRcbRobLibRgbLobRgbRcbLibLobLobLcbLebRob
RobRgbRebRobRobRebRobLobLobLcbLcbLobLobLebRebRobLsbLobRobLobLgbRobRobL
cbRobRebLobRgbRgbLcbRebRobLobLebLobLsbRjbRibLibLobLobLgbRcbRebRcbRgbRe
bLebLobRobLobLobRebLobRcbLobRobLebRebRsbLcbLebRgbRibLibLebLobLhbLebRib
RcbLobLebLibRobLobRobLobRobRobLebRsbRebLobRobRebRobLobLgbLcbRobLobRebR
obRebLebLgbRibRjbRebLobLgbLebRobRebRobRsbRebLebRebLgbLebLobLebRobLobRs
bRobLebRebLhbRebLebRobLibLsbLobLobLobRebRobLcbLobLibRobRebRobRgbLebRgb
LebLebLebRebRibLobRsbRsbRcbRebLobRobLobRgbRebLebLgbLcbLcbRsbLebLibLebL
obLsbRsbRgbRobRgbRobLobLgbLgbRibRgbLibRobLjbLcbRibLebLobLgbLhbRibRobRc
bRsbLcbLebRjbRebRsbRebRobRobLobRgbRibLobLebLebLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 6; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLjRjbRgbRhbRgbLgbRsRsmbLibRsRcbLgbRgLsbLiRsbRibRjbsbLibRibLjbLibRebRc
bLcbLibLjbLcbLoLsmbRiLsbLjbLibRsLsbLgbLgLsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 7; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsbRsbRsbLsbRsRsRsmmbRsbRsLsbLcRsbLcbLsRsbsbLgRsbsbLiLsbsbLjbRsbLsbRs
LsbLsbLsLsmbLgbLgbRgbRsRsmbRsbRsLsRsbLsbRsbRsbsbRgRsmbRgbRgLsbsbLsbsbs
bRsbLjbRsLsbRsbRjLsbLsbLgbRgbRgRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 8; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRjbLcbRgLsRsRsRsmmbRgbRiRsmbRgRsmbRibRhbRsbRsbRsbRsRsmbRsRgbLsRsbLsbR
sRsLsmbRsLgbRsRsmbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 9; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsbRobLebRcbLobLcbLebRobRebLcbLsbRebRebLobRgbLjbLobRobRobRjbRebLobRob
RebLobRebLobRobLebRobRobLcbLebRebLcbLibRcbLcbRebLebRobRebLobLsbLebRobL
ebLcbRcbLcbLjbLobLebLebLobLebLgbLebRibRcbRobRebRebLebLibRebRobLebRebRo
bLobRibLobLcbRobLobLebLobLcbLobLebRobLcbRgbRobLebRebLobLobLobRobLobLob
RcbLobRcbRcbRebLobLobRgbLobLobLobRebRebLcbLobRobRebRsbRebLjbRobRebRjbR
obRjbLebRobRebLsbRobRobLobRobLgbLobLcbLebRobRebRjbLobLebLebLobRebLjbLo
bRebLcbRobLcbRcbLobLcbRcbLibLebRobLebRibRebLobRobRobRhbRgbRcbLobRcbRcb
LobRebLsbRobRcbRobLobRobRobRgbLobRcbRcbLebRebRobRcbRebRebRobLebRgbLjbR
jbRobRobRobRobRobRebRebLobRebRobLcbLjbLobLcbRobRobLebLsbRjbRobRebLhbRi
bLobLobLobRcbLibLobRibRobLcbLobLobRobRcbRebLobLhbRebRobRobLobLibLebReb
RebRgbRobLcbLebLgbLcbRcbRjbRcbLcbLcbRcbRsbRcbLcbLibLebRebLobRobRobRobL
obLobRcbLobRobLobRcbLobLebLhbLebLibLcbLobRebRebRgbLebRcbLobRobRibLobLc
bLcbLobRebRcbRsbLobRobRebLhbLebLibRobLobRjbLebRjbLebLebLibRibLebRcbReb
RibLcbRobRobLobRobLobLhbLobLobLobRcbRobLobLobRobRcbLobLcbLebRhbRcbRibL
obLobRebLebLcbRobLobRsbLobRobRebLebLibLobRcbRebRobLebRobLobRcbLjbLcbLs
bLebLebRobRobRjbLhbLobLgbLobRebRobRsbRebRebLhbRcbRobLobLibRebLobLebLib
LebRebRsbLobRgbRcbLsbLebLcbLobLobLcbRcbRgbRobRebLcbLebRobLobRebRobLobL
obRcbLsbRcbLebLcbRobLgbRibLebLgbLobRobRcbLebLobLcbLcbLobRobLobRobRobRg
bLcbLobRobRhbLobRcbRobRobRjbRobRobRebRcbRebRibRobRibLibLobLobLobRobRhb
LebRobRebLobRebRebRcbLobLcbLobRjbLibLobRibRcbRebLcbRebLhbLebLcbLebLobR
jbLcbLobLobLcbRebRgbLobRebRsbRebRobLebRhbRebLjbLobRsbRebRebLsbRebLebRg
bLgbLobRebLcbRobLhbLebRcbRcbRsbLebRjbLcbLobLcbRebLibRobRobLobLcbLcbLib
RebLsbLobLjbLobLcbLsbLobRcbLjbLcbLobRebLobRsbLebRhbRobLcbLobLebRcbRsbL
obRobRebRobLebLgbLobRobLgbRobLebLebLebLobRebRobRebLobLobLobLhbRobRobLs
bLobRobLobRcbLgbLcbRobLebRsbLebRobRjbRsbLcbLcbLjbRebLobLobRsbLebLsbReb
RebRobLebLcbRobRsbLobLobRebRobLebLsbRobLobLebLobLebRobLebRcbRebLibRobL
ebLebLcbRcbLobRjbRobLobRobLsbLobLobLebLobRjbLobRcbLobLobRcbLcbRibRebLo
bLobLobLobLebRebRebRcbLcbRobLebRebRobLobLjbLebRobRobLsbLobLcbRcbRgbRob
LobLobLjbRobLobRebRobRobLobRebRsbLcbRobRobLcbRebLjbRobRobLebLobRcbRobL
jbRjbLobRobRobLibRobLebRobLobRebRcbLobRobLobRebLobRcbRebRhbRcbLobLobRo
bLebLobRjbRcbLobRobLcbRobRobLjbRebRcbRebRobRsbRobRobRebLcbRebLebRebLob
LsbLhbLebRebLobRcbLobRebLobRobLobLebRebLobLcbLobLebRebLebRjbRobRjbLobL
ebRebRebRsbLobRebRobLobRcbRcbLebRobLcbRcbRebLebRebRobLobLobLobRobLjbRs
bRcbLcbRobRcbRebRobLcbLobLsbLcbLcbRobRjbRcbRjbRobRebLcbRcbLebRobLcbLob
LebLjbRibRobRobRcbLjbRcbRebRcbLebRobRjbLobLebLobRobRobRobRsbRebLobRobL
obLcbLobLobRebRcbRsbLobLibLebLobRsbLjbRcbLobLobLobRobLcbRcbRebLebLobLh
bRebRobLobLobRcbLebLebLjbRjbRcbRcbLcbLgbLcbLebLebRobRebRebRebLobRebLob
LebLsbLobLobLcbRobLcbRsbRjbRebLobRsbLjbLobRobLsbRibLcbLobLobLebLobRjbR
obLcbRebLebLobRebLobRobLebRobLobRebLobLobLebLebLebLebLgbLobRobRebLcbLc
bLjbLjbLcbRcbLebLobLcbRibLobLcbLobLebLobRjbLobRobRcbRibLjbLobRcbRebRob
RcbRebRjbLcbLobLobLebLcbRcbRjbLcbLebRobRcbLobRcbLcbRsbRobLobLobRobRcbL
gbRcbRobLobLobLobRibLobLobRhbLebLibLebRobRobRobRsbRgbLibLcbRobLgbLcbRo
bLhbLobLobLobLobLebLobRcbRibLhbRibRebRebRobLebRebRibLhbLobLebRebLcbLob
LcbLebLgbLebLobRibRcbRgbRobLsbLcbRgbRobLobRobRebRebRobLobLobLhbRobRebR
obRcbLobLebRobRsbRobRobLibLsbLcbLobRobRebLcbRgbRobLcbRobRebRsbLobLcbLe
bRsbLobLobLebLobLobLgbRibRcbLebLcbRobRibRobRcbLobLobLobRcbRibRebLcbLsb
RobLcbLhbRhbRhbRobLobLgbRibLcbRobRcbLibLibLcbRebRobRobLcbLobLcbRcbRebL
obLcbLcbRibLeb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 10; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bsbLsbLebLcbRobLsbRsbRibRsRsRsmmbLgbRgLsbLsbLsLsmbLgbLgbLjLsmbLsbLgLsL
smbRibRoRsmbRebLibLcbRcbLcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 11; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsbRgbLsbRsbRsRsmbRibRcLsbsbLcbLsbRgbLoLsmbsbLhbRsbLgbLsLsLsmmbLebRiR
smbRsbRgRsmbLcbsbsbsbsbsbsbRjbRoRsmbRsbRibRsbRgbRsRsmbRsbLsRsbRgbRsbRs
LsbRiRsmbRgRsmbLobLcbLsbLsLsmbRsLsbLgbLgbLcLsmbLhLsbRsRsRsmmbLhbRibRsb
RgRsmbRiRsmbRgbRsbRsRsmbRgbRsbRsbRgRsmbRsbRgRsRsmmbRgbRsbLgLsLsmbLibsb
sbLsRsbRsRsmbsbRoLsbLsbsbRsbRsLsRsbsbRgbRgbRgRsmbRgbRcbLsbLjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 12; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLibRsbRjbsbsbsbsbRsRsmbRsRsmbRgbRgLsbRgRsmbLeLsbLsRsRsmbRsLsRsbsbsbLg
bRsbLgbLsbLgbLgbLsbLgLsbRoRsmbRsRsmbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 13; Drug: Control Apo low
bRjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 14; Drug: Control Apo low
bLcbRhbRgbRcLsbLsLsmbLcbRjbRjbLgRsbRcbRibRsRsmbRcbLgbLsbLgLsbLiRsRsmbR
gbLcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 15; Drug: Control Apo low
bLgbLiLsRsbLhbsbRobRobRgbRsbLoRsbsbRsbReRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 16; Drug: Control Apo low
bRsbRsbRgbRgbRsbRgbLoLsmbLobRjbLobLibRsbLobLobRgbLobRgbLsbLsbLhbLgbRsb
RsbLhbRjbRjbLhbRjbRobRobLibRcRsmbLgbLsbLsbLsbLsbRgbRibLoRsbLgbRobLcbLc
bRjbRcLsbLcbRobLiLsbLobLcbLibRgbLibRsbLgbRjbLobLibLiRsbRobLobLobLcbRgb
RgbRgbRsbRgbRgLsbRcbLgRsbsbRgbRsbRgbLsbLibRobRjLsbRgRsmbRgbLibLhbLgbRg
bLiLsbLgbLsbLjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 17; Drug: Control Apo low
bLibLibLjbLibLibLgbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 18; Drug: Control Apo low
bLjbRhLsLsmbLcbRcbRibLibLsLsmbLsbRsbLsbLsbLjbLjbRhLsbLjbRhbRsbLjbRsbLi
bRibRgbLjLsmbLjRsbLoRsbLibLibLsbLibRjbRobRhbRobRjbRibLhbLcbLibLhbLjRsL
sbRsbLibRsbRobRsbRsLsbRgbRiLsbRibRibRsbRsbRsbRibRiLsbLgbRsLibRibLsbRjb
RhbRibLsRsbRibLjbRhbLhbRjbLhbLhbRibRsbRsbRsbRsbRibRsRsmbRsRsmbRgbLibRs
bRiRsmbLgbRgbRsbLcbLcRsbRjbLibLcLsmbRjbRhbLobRsbRjbRibRsLsbLsbRiRsmbRj
bRjbLobLjLsmbLcbRjbLcbRcbLhRsbLibLibLsLsmbLjbLjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 19; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRgbRgbRsRgbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 20; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsRsmbRsbRsLsbRgbLsbsbRsbLsbLsRsbLsbRsbLsLsLgmbLsLsmbRjbRgbRsbRsRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 21; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbsbsbsbsbsbRsbsbsbRsbLgbLobRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 22; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRgbRsbRgbRgbLsRsbRsbsbsbRsRsmbLjbRiRsmbRsRsmbRsbRgbRgbRgbLgbRsLobRgbR
ibRibLsbRgRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 23; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRgbLsbLebLibLsbLsLsmbLsbLsbLgLsbRsbLsbLsbLsbRgbRsLsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 24; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLobRoLsLsmbLgbLsbLsbsbRsLcbRsbRsbRsLsbRsLsbLsRsbsbRsbLgbLgbLgLsbRsRsm
bReRsmbRgbRgbRsbRgbLibsbLgbsbLsbRsbLsbLsbLgbLsbLgbsbsbRsbsbsbsbsbsbsbs
bsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbRsbsbLsbLsbsbRsbLsbsbsbLsbsbLsbsbsbLsbsbsbsbsbsbL
sbLsbLsbLsbsbsbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 25; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLgLsbRgbLsbLgbLsbRgbLsbRiLsbsbRsbLjLsmbRsRsmbRib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 26; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsbRcbRebLobLobLsbLcbRobRebRobLebLcbLebLjbLobLobRsbRobRjbLobLhbLjbRob
RsbLjbLcbLebLcbRobRgbLcbRgbRibRobLobLobLcbLebLobLebLibRcbRebLgbLebRibL
ebRebRebRcbRobRebLobRcbLgbLcbLhbRcbLebLcbRgbLcbLcbLcbLcbLobLebLhbRobLo
bLobRobRobRibLcbRobRsbRobLebLsbRebRcbRebLebRobRibRobLsbRobRobRobLgbRob
LobLobLibRibRebLcbRgbRebLcbLobRobLsbRobLobLobLibRsbRobRobLobRobRibLcbR
ebLobRobRgbRobLcbLcbLcbLebRobRsbLgbLgbRobLebLcbLibRibRobLobLcbRebLebLi
bLebLebRobRebLcbLibLebRobRobRcbRobLobRebLobRgbRobRobRebRobLobRobRobRob
LcbLcbLsbRobRobLcbLcbRgbLebRobLobLcbLobLibRebRobLsbLebLsbRsbRebLibLgbL
obRobLsbRibRobRobLibLobLibLcbRebLobRibRebLcbLebRebRcbRebLibRebRobRcbRe
bRcbRobRgbRcbLcbRobRobRobLobLebLebLsbLcbLsbLobLjbLcbRcbLobLobLcbLobLeb
LgbLobRobRebRibRobLebLibRgbRgbRobRobRcbRcbRebRsbLebRibRobRobLcbRebLcbR
ebRibLcbLobLibRebRcbRoRsmbLcbLobLebLjbRobLjbLebRobLebLebLebLsbRcbRobLe
bRobLebLobLjbLcbRobLobRjbLjbLobLebLobLcbRebLjbLebRsbLebRobRebLobLebLsb
RobRobRebLebLobLcbRsbRcbRibRobRebRcbRobRobLobLcbLobLobRcbLebLgbLebLsbR
sbLibRgbLobRsbRibRcbRcbRibLobLsbRobRcbLobRebLobRibLobLgbRebLobLcbRebRc
bLobLobLebLibLcbRsbRobRcbLobLibRebRobRhbLobRobLobRcbLgbRcbLsbRgbRobRob
LobLcbRobLebRobRobRobRobLobRebRobRobLhbRebLebLgbLobRobLobRebRibRebRibL
cbLobLobLcbLobRibLobLobRebRebRobLobLobLobLobLobLobRebLebLobLgbRebLebRo
bRhbLcbRebLobLobRobRobRobLobRobRsbLobLcbRcbLobRibLcbLebRcbRcbRobLobLeb
LebLobRobLobRgbLebLobLobLibRcbRebRebRebRobRobRebLsbLsbLobLcbLebRcbLobL
ebLgbRobRobRgbLobLobRibRobRobRhbRebLibRobLhbLsbRobRsbLobRibLhbLobRobRc
bRcbLsbRcbLebLobRgbLhbLobLobLsbRebRobLcbRgbLebLobLobRgbLobLibRebLibRob
LebLhbLebLibLcbLobLobRebRcbLobLibRcbLobRhbRobRebRobRobRobRobRcbLcbRgbR
cbLgbRebRobRcbRobLebRcbLobRobRebRibLebRobLebRgbLibRebLobLobLebLebLibLe
bLobRcbRobLobRebRobLebRobLsbLhbRibRebLibRsbRobRobRebLobLobRgbLibRhbRcb
RebLobRebRebLobLgbLebRsbRebRobLebRsbLibRsbRobRebRobRobLobLobLobRhbLebL
obLobRobRgbRobRcbLobRobRgbRobRcbLobRcbLobRebLobRibLebLcbRobRgbLebLcbLo
bLobRobRcbLibRebRcbRgbLibLgbLcbLobLobLebRobRobLobRobLcbRobLebLcbRibRgb
RobLebLobLcbRobLebRobRgbLebLibLgbRobRcbRobLibRgbRcbRobRcbLsbRobLobLebR
gbRgbLobLebLgbRebRcbLobLobLobLobRobRebLobRcbRgbRobRobLebLobRebLcbLobLo
bLcbLobLobLobLebRhbRcbLobRebRebLcbRhbLcbLcbRebLcbRcbRsbRebLobLgbRgbLhb
RobLobLgbLgbLobRobLobLobRgbRebRobRebRebLebLebLibRebLobLebLobLebRibLobR
cbRobLobRobRobLobRobRsbLibLobLhbLgbLobRobRobLsbLibRobLebLibLebLebLcbRs
bLebRobRobRobRcbRebLebRgbLcbLobRobRobRgbLgbLibRebLebLjbLgbRgbRibLobLib
LcbLcbLcbRsbRibLebLjbRobLibLobRobLsbRobLobLcbLobRobLebLobLgbRobRebLobR
obLobRebLobRibLobRebLobRcbLgbLcbLcbRebRebLebRjbRobRebLobRibLobRebRcbLc
bRsbLobRebLibLcbLobRcbLobLobRebRcbLsbRobLobRhbRgbLobLobLobRobLcbRebRob
LebLebRcbRobRebRebRobRobRcbLhbLibLobLcbRobLebLobLebRobRobRobRobLsbLibR
obLobRobRobLobLcbRcbRebLebRgbRcbLobLebRcbRobRcbLobRebLcbRcbLibLobLsbLe
bLobLgbRebLcbLibLobLcbLobLebLobLcbRebLgbLobRebLobRobRebLcbRebLcbLobRob
LebLhbLebRebLebLsbRibLobLcbLebRebRgbRobRobRsbLobLobRebRebLcbLobLobLobR
sbLobRcbRebLsbRjbLcbLsbLjbRebLebRebLobRobRob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 27; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLjbRcRcbRibLgbLiLibLibRibLgLsbLgLsbLgbRsRsmbLgLsRsbRcbRibLiRsbRgRsmbR
ibLgbLebLibRibRgLsbLjbLhbRjbRibLsRsbRibLhbRcbRobLiLsbLgbRcbLebLibRobLh
bRobRobRibLsbRibLsbLsbRsbLgLsbLsbRjRiLsbRhbRoLsbLibLjbRobLjbRibRibRobR
sbLgLsbRibRsbRjbLcbLibRgbRhLsbRibLgbRgbRsLsbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 28; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLsbLgbLsbLgLsbRibRsbRsbLsbRgRsmbLiLsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 29; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLgLsbRsbLsLsmbRsbRsRsRsmmbLcbRsbLcbLcbLsbLsLsmbRsbLibLsbLgbLgLsbRsbLs
LsmbRsbRgbLgbRsLsbRsRsmbRgbRgbLsRsLsRsbRgbRsbRgbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 30; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsLsbLsLsmbLgLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 31; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLebRobRobRgbLcbRebRebLebRebRhbRgbRobRgbRobRibRobLebRobLcbRobRebRobReb
LobLobLobLcbRobRcbLobLobRebRgbRobRebRebRcbRcbRebRebLebLcbLobLobLobLobL
ebLcbLcbRgbRebLhbLobRgbRsbLcbLcbRobLgbRobRobLobRgbRobRcbLebLcbLgbRcbRe
bLobRibLibRobLebRgbRobRsbRobRcbRcbLcbRobLebLobRcbRobLobLcbLsbLebLobLeb
LebLobLobLsbLobRobRhbRcbLobLibRcbRobLebLhbLobRibLhbRobLobRobRcbLebLcbL
obRebLcbRgbRibLcbLobLibRebRgbLsbLobLgbLcbLobLobLobRobRibRebLebLebRibRg
bLobRebRhbRcbRobLobLcbRobLobRsbRobRobRobLebLibRibRebRobLobRibLsbRgbLsb
RobLebLobRgbLibLobRobLcbLobRibLobRobLobLobRgbLgbRsbLobRhbLobRobRebLsbL
obLebLobRobRebLebRibLebRgbRebRgbLobRebLobLobLcbLobLobRcbLobRibRibLgbRe
bLebLibLibRobRobLibRcbLebRgbLebRcbLobRhbLobLobLsbRebLobLobRgbRibLebRgb
RibLcbLcbLobRobRobLobRobLobRobLcbLobRcbRebLcbLobRcbRebLhbLobRcbLcbRobL
ebLobLobRobRobLobLobRobRobLobLebRcbRebRobRgbRgbRobRhbRcbRobRebLgbRibRo
bLobRobLebRobRsbRcbLobRhbLobLjbLhbLobRcbRibLcbLobRobLcbLcbLobLebLibRob
LibRebRsbLebRsbLcbRobLobLebRebLsbRebLjbLgbLibLobLebLobLsbLobLebLobRcbL
ebLebRobLcbRjbLsbRobRhbLebLcbRebLsbRcbRobLobLobRcbLebLobRebRebLobRcbRo
bLobLobRobLcbRsbRibRgbLobLobRsbLobRcbRobRibLobRebRobLebRcbLebLobLobReb
LobLobLebLobRebLibRgbRebRcbLsbLobRebRobLobLcbRebLcbLgbRhbRebLobRebLobR
ebLgbRcbLobRebRobLobLibRobRgbRcbLobLibLobRobLobRobRobRebLgbLebRibLibRo
bRobLsbLobLebRobRobLobRhbLcbLobRobLobRgbRcbRobRebRhbLsbRsbLobLcbRobLsb
RobLibRebRebLebLcbRgbRobLobRjbLcbRobRebLobLobRibRgbRibLobLebLsbRhbLcbR
gbRibLebLcbLobRebRobLobLebLebLobRcbLcbRebRibRsbRobLobRobLobLobRcbLibRo
bRcbLgbRobRgbRebLobRobLobLobRobLobRcbRibRebRebLobLibRobLebRcbLcbRibRhb
RobRobRsbRobLjbLsbRcbRcbLobLcbLobLobLibRhbRebLcbLebRobRobLgbRcbLobLgbL
obRobLobRsbLgbLobLebLcbRebLobLcbRebRhbLgbRibLjbLobLgbRcbLibRcbRgbRgbLc
bLjbLobLobRcbLebLobLobRibRobRcbRebLobRibLobLgbLebLsbLjbRibLebRobRsbLsb
LcbLebRebRobRebRebLebLebLobLcbRhbLgbRibRobLebLobRebLcbRobLobLobLebRobL
ibLibLsbRgbLobRobRobLgbRibLcbLibLcbRebRebLebRcbLebLibLcbLobLobLgbLobLo
bRcbRobRobLebLjbRebLobRebRobLobRebLebLobLobRgbLobLobLjbLobRobLebRcbRob
RgbLebLgbLsbLobRhbRebRebLobLibLebLhbLobLjbLibLobLsbLobLcbRobLobRcbLibL
obLgbRcbRcbLibLibLcbRgbRebRebRebRobLcbLebLgbLebLobRebLobLobRcbLcbRebLo
bRobLcbLobLobLobLobLobRobLcbRobRobLcbLebLgbRibLgbRebRebRcbLebRobRgbReb
LebLgbLcbLebLibRebLsbLobLebRibLgbLobLebLhbLhbLebLobRobLobLhbLobRebRebR
cbLobRsbRebLobRobLebLsbLibLhbRobLebLibLibRcbRobLgbLgbRsbLsbRcbRobRgbRc
bRebLobLobRebRibLcbLobRcbRebLebLebLobLobRcbLebRobRgbRcbLibLebLobLobLcb
LebRcbLebRebRobLobRobLcbRibLobLjbLibRebRebLcbLebLcbRcbRobRibRsbRibRebL
gbRhbRebRobLebLobRobRobLobRibLebRebLobLcbRobRobLobRebLobLibRebLhbLcbLc
bRibRebLcbLgbLobLcbRibLhbRobLebRobLobLebLobLobRebLobLcbLobRsbRebRebRcb
LgbRobRebRebLebRobLobRobRsbLobRsbLebRobLibLobRsbLobLobLibLebRhbLcbRobR
ebLgbRobRcbLebRobRobLcbLebLcbRebRobLebRcbRebLebRebRobLobLgbRebLobLobLc
bRobLcbRebRobLcbRobLobRobLebLibLobRebLgbLobRcbRobRebLebLsbRobRebLcbRob
LebLobRebLhbRobRebRebLcbLobLcbLobLobLebLobLebLcbRcbRibLebLsbLcbRobLobR
cbRobLobRcbRebRobLebRobRsbRibLcbLcbRcbLcbRobLobRgbRgbRobLobLsbRcbLobLo
bRebLobRobRsbLibLcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 32; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bsbRsRsmbLsbRsbRgbsbRsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 33; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLhbLgLsbLgbLgRsLsbLsLsLsmmbLgLsLsmbLgbLiLsbRsbLsLsLsmmbsbRsRsmbLsbLgL
sbLhRsLsbLsbLhbsbsbRcbsbLcbRjbRcbRsRsmbRibRsRsmbRsRsmbsbRsbRsbRjLsLsmb
RgbRgbsbLsbRsLsbsbRsRsRsmmbRibLsbRsRsmbRsbRsbRgbsbLsbRgRsRsmmbRgbRsbsb
RgLsLsmbRsRsmbRsRsmbRgReRiRiRiRgRsRgRimbRgLsbRsRsmbRsbRibsbLsbRjLsLsmb
LsbLjbLcbLcRsRsmbRsbRsbLibRjbRjbRibRcbsbLsLsmbsbLjLsmbRhbRgRsmbRgbRgbR
sbRsbRgLsbRsbLsRsbsbRgLsbRsbRgbRsRhbRiRsmbRsbLiLsbRgbRgbLsLsmbLsRsbRiL
sbRsRsmbRiRsmbRsRsRsmmbRsbRsRsRsRsmmmbRsRsmbLsLsLsmmbLgLsLsmbRibRsRsmb
RgLsbLsbRgLsbLsbRgbsbRsbRgLsbRgbRgbLcLsmbRiRsmbRibRibRsbRsbRibRgRsmbRi
bLsLsLsLsmmmbRsbRibRgbRibRiRsmbRibsbRgbsbLsLsmbRiLsbRgbRgLsbRgLsbLobLi
bLgbsbLgbLsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 34; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRgbRsbRebReLsbsbsbLhbRgLsbRebRsbRgbRsbRibLsbRiRsmbRiRsmbRsbLjbRgLsbLc
bRgbRsbRibRgbRgbRibRsRsmbLsbsbLibLsLsmbLsLsmbRgbRjbLhbLibRsLsbLsbRgbLs
LiRsbLsLsmbLgbLsLsmbRcbRiLsbReLsRsbLgRsbLjbLibLgbLiRsbLgbRsbLgbRjbRjRs
mbRoRsmbLsLsLsmmbRgbRhLibLsRcbLibLgLsbRgLsbRsLgbRsbRsbRgbRgLsbsbRjbRgb
RsRsmbRgRgbRgLsbRjbRiLsbRiRsLsLsmmbRjbRgbRcbRhLsbRgbRsRsmbLgbLgLsbLibL
sbLgLsbLsbLgLsRsbLibRsbLiLsbRibLgbLsbRibLgLibLsbLiRsbRjbRibRgbRgRsmbRs
RsmbRgbRhRsRsmmbRsbRgLsLsmbReLsbRibRebRgbRsLsbLjbRcRsRsmmbRhbRsRsmbLsL
smbRebRsLsRsbRgbRsRibRiLsbLsRsbRgbLibLiLsbLsLsLsLsmmmbRsbLsLsmbLgbLsLs
LsmmbLsLsLsLsmmmbRsLibLsLsLsmmbRgLgbRsLsbLibLcbRsLsbLsRsLsbRgbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 35; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRgbRsRsRsRsmmmbsbLsRsbRsbRgbRgbLsbLsbRobRsRsmbRsRsRsmmbRsRgbLsLsRsmbL
sRsRsmbRsbLsRsLsbRsRsLsLsLsmmmbsbsbRibRibRsbRsLsbsbRsRsmbsbsbRsRsmbRsb
RsRsmbRgRsRsmmbRgbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsRsmbRgbRgRsRsRsRgRsmmmmbRsbRsbRsbRg
bRsRsRsmmbRsRsRsmmbRsRsRsmmbRsbRsbRgbRibRsRsmbRsbRsRgbRibRgRsmbRgbRsbR
sRsLsmbRgbRgbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 36; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsbRsbRsbRsRsmbLjbLhbRsbRgRsmbRsbLgLsbLsbLsbLgLsbLsbLgLsbLsbRsbLhbLjL
smbLgLsbLgbsbRgLsLsmbLsbLsbLgbLgLsbLgLsbsbLsLsmbLsbLsbRsRsmbLibLsbLsLs
mbLsbLsbLgbLeLsbLgbLsLsmbsbRsRsmbRgbRibLsbRsbsbRgbLsLsmbRgbRgbRibLsLsL
smmbLsLsLsmmbRgbRibLsLsmbLibLiLsbLsLsmbLgbLsbLiLsbRsbRcRsmbRsRobsbLebL
gbLiLsbLsLsmbLsbLsbRsRsRsRsmmmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 37; Drug: Control Apo low
bRsbsbRcbLibLgRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 38; Drug: Control Apo low
bLcbLhbLoRsbRsbLhRsRgbLiRsbLibLhRsbLibLibLgbLjbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 39; Drug: Control Apo low
bLgbLibsbLgbLibLibLgbLhbLgbLibLgLsLsmbLcbLgRsbLsLhbLcbLsbLgbLjbLhbRsRs
mbLiRsbLibLgbLibLibLgbLcbLibLibLhLsbLoLsmbLgbLgbLcbLsbLcbRiRsmbRiLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 40; Drug: Control Apo low
bRsLsRsLsLsmbsbsbsbLsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 41; Drug: Control Apo low
bLibLsbLibRjbRobLsbLsbLgbLjRsbRsRsmbsbRhbLjbLgLsbRsbLgbLsbLgRsbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 42; Drug: Control Apo low
bRsbRsLsbRhbLsbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 43; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbRgbLgbLebLibRsbLgbRsbLsbLgbLsbRsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLgbLgbLgbLibRsbLsbLib
LsbLsbRsRsmbLgbLsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbLsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 44; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bsbLsbRobRsbRsbLsbLsbRsbRsbRsbRgbsbRgLsbLsRsbsbRsbRsbLsLsLsmmbRgbLgbRs
RsRsmmbsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 45; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRgbsbsbLsRsbRgbRsbRsbLsbRgbRsRsmbRgbLsbLsbRsbsbsbsbRsbRsbRsbsbRcRsRsm
mbRgbRsbRgbRgbRsbRgRsmbRsbRgbLsbRgbRsbRsbLeRsbRsbLjRsbLgLsbLibRsRsmbLs
bLgbLsbLgbLsbLgbLgRsLsbLsbLgbLgRsbLgbLgbLsbLgbLsbLsbsbLgbRsbLiLsbRgbLg
LsbLgLsbLsbLsbLcbRgbRsLsbLgRsbRsbRsbRgbRsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 46; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbRsbLibRgLibLgRsbLsLsmbLiLsbRsbLibRgbsbLsbLcRsbLibLhb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 47; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsLgRsbLgbLsLsmbLsbLsbLgbLsbLsbLsLsmbLsLsmbLsLsLsmmbLsLsmbLsbLsbLgLsb
LsLsmbLsbLgbLsLsmbLsbLsLsLsmmbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbRsbRsbLgbLgRgbRiLsbRcbRib
RibRgbRgbRsRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150411; End: 150911;
Recording: 5-1; Individual: 48; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbLsRsbLgbRsLsbLsbsbsbLsbRsbsbsbRsbsbRsRsLsmbsbRsbLsbLsbRsbsbsbsbsbs
bsbsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 1; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsRsRsmmbRsbRiLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 2; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsRsmbRsbRsbRsRsmbRoLsbLsbLsLsmbLsbRiRgbLsbRsbRgRsLsmbRsbRgbRsRsmbLsb
RgbRsbLsbRsbRsbRsRsmbRsRsmbRsbRoRsRsmmbRgbRgRsmbRsbRsRgbRibRgbRsbLsbLg
bLsbRgbLsbLsbLsbLsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 3; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLsLsmbLobLsLsmbRgbLsbLsbRgbRsRsmbLgbRjbRhbRobLsbRcbLebLcbLibRcbRobLjR
sbRsbRgbLgbRgRsmbRgbRgbRgbLsbRibRobRsbRsbRibRgbLgbRsbRgbLsbLsbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 4; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bsbRsbRsbRsRsmbRsbRsbLsbRgLsbRsbLsLsmbLsbLsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 5; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLobRobRobRsbLebLsbLobLcbLobLgbRebLgbRobLobLobLobLcbLcbLobRobRobRobRob
RebLgbLsbLobLibRhbLcbLibLobLobRobLobRgbLobRcbLebRobRobLgbRgbRcbRcbRgbR
obRebLgbLobLobLcbLebRebLebRebRcbLobRsbRebRcbRobLobRebLobRobLibLcbRcbLc
bLgbLobRobRobRobLebRsbLcbRibRebLobRebLibRgbLebLobLobLgbLobRsbLjbLibLeb
LjbLsbLebLcbRobLibLobRebRobRebRobRebRobRebLgbRobLebRobRhbRebLebLcbLobR
ibLobLibRobRebLgbRobLcbLebRobLobRibLibRebLsbRobLebRcbLebLobLgbLgbLibRo
bLobRobRebRgbRebRgbLebLebLibLebRcbLobLebRibRebRgbRebRobRobLcbRcbRcbLeb
RhbRobRgbLhbLhbLobLcbRobRebRcbRhbRebLhbRobLebRcbLibLobRgbRebLcbLebRebR
cbRobRebRsbRgbRibLebRobLobRgbLobRibRcbLibLobLebLsbLebLebLobRobRibLgbLi
bRgbRgbRobRcbLobLebRcbLsbRcbLobLcbLebLcbLgbRobRgbLgbRibRobRebRobLsbLcb
RcbLebLebRebLibLobLobLibRebRobRebRebRobLobRobRobRebLebLobLhbLcbRebRobR
obRebRgbLcbRebLobRsbRobRcbLobLobLobLcbRibLebRcbLebRebRebRhbRobRobRebRg
bLobLcbLebRebRebRgbRobLgbLhbRebRebLsbRobRgbLibRsbRobLobLobLobLobRobLib
LgbRibRobRgbLobLhbRcbLgbRcbLcbLobRgbLebLebLcbRobLobLebRcbLobRobRcbLobL
cbLobRebLibLebLebLsbLjbRgbRebRebLobLebRcbLobLgbLhbLobRebLobRgbRibLgbRo
bRgbLibLobRobRcbRgbRgbLcbLobLobRobRobRgbLebRobRebRebLobRobRebLobRobRsb
RobLebLibLobRgbLebLebLebLibLebLgbRgbLibLebRobLobLgbLobRobLibRobRsbRcbR
obLibLcbRebLhbRobRcbLebRgbLcbLibLcbLcbLobLebLebRgbRebRobLjbLobRgbRcbLs
bRcbLobRebRsbRcbLebRsbRcbRobRobLcbRobLebRcbLcbLebLcbLebLibLobLsbRebLeb
RibRebLebLjbLgbLsbLgbLobRibRobRsbLibLcbRebLobRebLobRjbLgbLsbLebRebLebL
cbLcbRebRjbLebLobRebRsbLibRgbLcbRobLebRebRebLsbRobRibRcbRcbLobRebLobLi
bRcbLobLibRgbLobLjbLebLebLgbRebRebRebLebRebRcbRebRibLobRcbRobLobRebRob
RgbLebLsbLebLgbRebLobLebLebLobRebRibRjbLobRgbLhbRgbLobRebLjbRebLibRobR
cbLobRsbLebRhbLebLebRobRebLobLebRgbLobLebRobLsbRobLebLebRcbRebRcbRobRg
bRobLcbLobRebRjbRobLebLobLhbLsbRobRobRobRgbLgbRebRcbLgbRobLgbRcbLgbLeb
LobLsbLjbRsbLobRebRsbRobRobRobRebRobLgbRebRibRgbRebLobRcbRcbLsbLebLebL
ebRobLjbRcbRebRebLobRibLobRebLebLobLebRobLebLebLcbLobRebRobLobLebLibLg
bRhbLcbLcbRebLibLcbLebLcbRobLebRibLibRibRsbLibLebLebRobRgbLsbRsbLgbLeb
LobRgbRgbLsbRobRsbRobRebRjbRebRibLebRibLjbRgbRjbLebLsbLebLebRebRobLobR
cbLcbLgbLobRobRebLgbRjbLgbRebRebRibLsbLcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 6; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRoRsmbRsbRcbLibLibRhbLibLiLsbLibLgbRgbLgbRebLiRsLcbLebRjbLiRsbLibLibR
obRibLibRjbLjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 7; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsbRsLsbsbRsRsmbRsLsbLjbRgLsbLsbRsbRsRsmbRsbRsbRsbRsRsmbRsLsbRsbRgbRg
LsbsbRsRsmbLjbRgbLsbRsRsmbLsbRsbRsLsLsmbRsRsmbsbLjbRgLsbsbLsbsbsbsbRsb
sbsbsbsbsbRsbsbRsbsbsbsbsbsbsbRsRsmbsbLsbLsbsbsbsbLsLsmbRgbLsRsLsbRsLs
RsbLsLsmbLsbLsbsbsbLsbsbsbsbsbsbRsRsRsmmbLsRsbRjLsbRgbLsbsbRsbRsbRgbLj
bLsLsmbsbLsLsmbRgbLsbRsbsbRsbRsRsRsmmbsbLsRsbLgLsbRebsbLsbLsbRsbLsRsbL
cLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 8; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsbRsbRsRsmbRsRsmbRsRsRsmmbRsbsbRsbRsRsmbRsRsmbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsLsLsm
bRsLsbRsbRcbLhLgbRebLgbLibRcbLsbLsbRsbRgRsmbLebRsRsmbLsbLgLjbRgbRgbRsR
smbRgbRsLsRsbRsbRsbRsLsbRgRsmbRsbLsbLsbRsbRsbRsLsbRsRsmbRsRsRsmmbRsbRs
LsbRsRsmbRsbRsRsLsRsmbRsRgRsLgmbsbRsbLsRsbRsbRsLsLgLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 9; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLebLebRebRobLobLobLjbLobLcbRobLcbLebRjbRobRebLobLebLjRsbRebLhbRobRebR
ebRobRobLebLebLobLebRhbLebLobRjbRebLobLsbLsbLebLjbRobRebRebRobLjbRobRo
bRcbRebRcbRobRobLjbRebLcbRsbRsbLebRebRobLjbRebRjbRjbLebLsbRobRebRjbLob
LcbLcbLcbLebLobRebRcbLjbRobLsbRebRobRobRjbLsbLobLebRobRobLebLcbRobRjbL
obLebLebRjbRjbRebLcbRebRsbLobRebRobLjbRobLebLobLobLobRebRjbLobRobLjbLo
bRobRjbRebLebLebRjbLobRjbLebLobRobRebRjbLjbRobRjbLcbLobRebRcbRobRebLeb
RobLobLcbLobLobLebRjbLebLobRsbLebLebRobRcbRsbRebLebRjbLcbLobRebLobRcbR
sbRebRebLobLgbLobLcbLebRobLcbRebLjbRobLobLjbLebRjbRobRobRgbLebLebRjbLe
bRhbLebLebRobRcbRobRobRobRgbLobRebLebRebLgbRobLsbRobRsbLebRobRcbRhbRob
LobLcbLjbRobRobLobLgbLobRjbLjbLebLhbRobRobRebLjbRcbRobRsbRebRobRjbLobR
obRebLobLsbRobLjbLobLobRobRcbLcbRobRibLjbRcbRobLgbLobLobLjbRobLobLobLc
bLobRsbLobLobLobLebRobLobLjbRjbRhbLobRobRebRobRobRobRsbRebRobLcbLcbReb
LebRcbLjbLebRebLobRebRobLcbLcbLobLcbLobRobLebLobLsbLebRcbRcbRcbRjbRebL
ebRebRebLjbLebLsbLebRobRsbLjbRebLcbRobRebRjbLcbLcbLobLobLobRobRcbRobRo
bLsbLobRcbLibRobLobLebRobLebRobLcbLjbLobRebRcbLjbLjbLebLobRjbRsbRobReb
RebRobRebLobRebRjbRibRobRebRjbRcbLobLgbLobLgbLobRebLobLobRjbLjbLebLebR
obRobRobRibLobRobRobLebRobRobLebLcbRobLobLobLebRobRobLobLebLcbRebLgbLe
bLobRebLobRobRobRobLebLobRobRebRobRcbLebRobRobRibLobLebRebLobLobRebLob
RobLobRcbLobRobLobLebRgbLebLobLebRsbLebLibLebLobRcbRebRobLcbLebRebLobL
ebLobLobRebRobRcbRebLcbLobRcbLebLebRjbRjbLobLjbRgbRobRobRsbRcbLjbLsbRo
bLjbRebRobLobReb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 10; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bReRsmbLgbLjbRebLebLsbLgLsbLebRgbRsRsmbRcRsmbRcRsmbLsLsRsmbRgRsmbLiRsb
LibRsRsmbLsReLsbRsRsmbLobLgLsbRsLgbRcRsRsmmbRibLibRgbLibLgbRjbRebLgbRg
bLebRsbLsbLibLsRsbRgbRcbRiRsmbRobLeRsbRjRsmbLhbRgbLobLiRsbRebLsbRobRsb
Rgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 11; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsLiLsbRsbRcbRcbsbRgbRsbRsbRsRsmbRsbRibRgbRsbRibRsbRgRsRsmmbRsRobRsbL
ibRibLsbRgbRsbLcRsbLhbRsLcbRgbRebRibRsbRgRsRsmmbRsbRgbLsbLsbsbRsbRibRi
RsmbRsRsmbLsbRsRsmbRgbRsbRsbRgbRsbRgbRgbsbRgbsbsbLsRsbRgRsmbRgbLsRsbRs
RsmbRgbRgbRgbRsRsmbRgbRgbRiRsmbRcRsmbLsLsmbLibRgbRobLsbsbRgRsRsmmbRibR
gbLjbLsbLcbRsbLgbLibLibLcRsbRsbsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 12; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRgbRsRsmbRgbRoRsmbLobLoRsbLgRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 13; Drug: Control Apo low
bLibLsbRibRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 14; Drug: Control Apo low
bRibRebRgbRgbRsbRsRsmbRsbRgbRiRsmbRcbRgbRgbRsbRsLsbRgbRgbRiRsmbRibRibR
gbRoLsRsbRgbRsbRhbRiRsmbReRsmbRgbRsbRsRhbRgbRgbRsbRgLsbLibRjbRcbRgbRsb
RsbLcbLgbRsbRsbLibRjbLibLibRibRjRsmbLgbRgbRsbLgbRsbLgbRsbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 15; Drug: Control Apo low
bRjRsRsRsmmmbRsbRsbRgRsmbRsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 16; Drug: Control Apo low
bRsbRsbRgbRsbLgbRibLgRsbLsbLhbRhLsbRsLsbLoLsmbRobLcbLoLsmbLcbLiRsbRobL
jbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 17; Drug: Control Apo low
bLeRsbLgLsbLob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 18; Drug: Control Apo low
bRjbRcbLjbLcbLebLcbLjbLjbLibLibRjbLjbRgbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 19; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRiRsmbRibLsbRsbRgRsmbRgRsmbRgbLsLsmbRsRsmbRgRsmbRiRsmbRsRsRsRsmmmbRib
Rsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 20; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsRsmbRsbRsRsmbRgbRsbRgLsbsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 21; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbRsbRsRsmbRsRsmbRsbLsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 22; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRebRibRibRgRsmbRgbRgbRgbLsRgbRgbRgbRsbRgbRgbRgbRgbRgLsbRsbRibRgbRgbRg
bsbRsbsbLsbRsLsLsmbRsbRsLsbLsRsbLsbLsLsmbLsbRsbRsbRsLsRsLsRsbRsRsmbLsb
RsRsmbLsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 23; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbsbLjbLsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 24; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRgbLgLsbLgbLsbLsLsRsmbLsbLsLsmbLsbLsLsmbLsLsmbLsbLgbsbsbsbRsbRsbRsbLs
bLgbRsLsbsbLsbLsbLsRsbLsLsmbLsLsmbLsbLsbLgbLsbLsLsmbLsbsbsbLsbLsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 25; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLobRibLsbLsbRgbRjRsmbLobRibRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 26; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 27; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLgbLsbLsbRibRgLsLsmbLsRsbLsbRibRsLsbLgbRsbRgbRcbLsLsLsmmbLgbRiLsLsLsm
mbRsbRsLsRsbRsbRsbRgbLsbLjRsbRsbRgLsbRgbRgbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 28; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsbRsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 29; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsRsmbRsRsmbLgbRgbLsLsRsmbRsbRsbLsbLsRsbRgbRsRsmbRsbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 30; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLsbLsLsmbLgLsbRgbRobLsLsLsmmbLobRsbLobRsbRsbLsbLsLsLsmmbRgLsbLsbRsbLs
bRsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 31; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLobLsbRgbLcbLobLebLebLobLibLgbRibRobRgbLobLebRobRibRebLobRobLobRgbRcb
LgbRobRobRebLcbRobLebRobRobRebRobLobRibLobRgbLobLobLibLobLibRcbRibRgbL
cbRebLsbLebLobRebLobRobRhbLcbRebLebRebRobLcbLgbLebLobRobLebLebRebLhbLo
bRobLebLebRebLobLcbLobRebRobRibLjbRgbRobRcbLebLobRebRibRobRobRobRobRob
RgbRebRobLobLobLobRebLobRobRebRcbLibLibRgbRibLobLcbRobLjbRobRcbRebLobL
obRobLobLobLcbLibLobRsbRcbRobLobLebRebLibRobRobLgbRebLibLebLobLgbLibLs
bLibRcbRobLcbRobRibLcbLobRobLobRobLebRebLibRobLebLcbLebLobLebRsbLobRob
LsbRibLibLibRgbLebLobLobRcbLgbRobRgbLcbLobRcbRebRibRibLcbLobLebRobLcbR
sbRgbLsbRebRobLobLcbRobLgbRhbLebRebLibRebRebRebRsbRebRebRebRebLebLcbLc
bRobRcbLobLobLebLebRcbRobRobLcbLebLsbLsbLobRebLcbLobRcbRobRobLhbRobLcb
RobRibRibLebLobLobRobRebRobLobRobLibRgbRgbRebLobLsbLibRgbRibLebLcbRobR
obRcbRobLcbRobLhbLobLcbRobRobLcbLcbLcbRcbLobRcbRjbRobRebRibLobLibLibRe
bLobLobRgbLebRhbRibRebLcbLebLobLebLobLebLsbLhbRcbLcbLebLcbRobLobLgbReb
LsbRebLhbRobLcbRibLobLcbRobRobRcbLobLobLcbRobRobLgbRobRobRcbLcbLobLebL
ebLcbRebRebRebLebLobRobLobLibRcbRobRsbRobRobLibLobRcbRibLhbLobLcbRebRc
bLsbLcbRjbRsbLsbRobRebLibLobLebRobLcbRgbRobLebRebLgbRebLgbRebRsbLcbRob
RebLobRgbLebRgbLobRgbRobRcbRcbRibLobRebRobLcbRobRibRebRobLobRebLobRobR
sbRobRebLobRcbRobRcbLcbLebLobLcbLibLcbLebLsbLibLebLebLobRebRibLobLobLc
bRobRobRobRebLcbLobRobLcbRobRhbRcbRebLebRcbLobRobLcbLobRobRcbRebLcbLob
RcbLebRobRobLobRibRobLsbRobRsbRobLsbRebLcbLebLobLebLhbLgbRobRobLobRsbL
obRsbLebRcbRobLobRobLgbRobLgbLebRcbLobLhbRebLobRobRgbLobRgbLobRjbLebLj
bRebLibRobRibLebLcbRobRhbRcbLcbRobRgbLobRobLobLgbRobLobLibRobRsbRobReb
RobRobRsbRhbLebLcbLibLibLobRobRcbLibLibLobRcbRibLobLobRobLibRebRobRebR
cbRobLobRebLebLebLobRobRcbLcbRobRobRebLgbRobRibLobRhbLebLobLobRobRsbLe
bRcbLobLebRebRobRobLobLcbLobLobRobRebRsbRobLobLobRebRobLibRebLibLobRob
LebLobLobLobRobLibRebRobLobLgbLobLebLcbLgbRebRobLobRebRebLcbRibLobLobL
gbLobRobLibRibRobRobLobLobLobRcbRgbLgbRjbRibRobLebLobLhbRcbRobRcbRebRo
bLhbRhbRobLebRcbRobRebLebRebRobRobLobRgbLebRobRgbLebRobRsbLobLcbRobRob
RobRobLebRibRebRcbLobRobRebLebRobRobLhbLobRebLobRcbRobRobLgbRgbRcbLcbL
obRobRobLebLobLobRibRebLobLcbRgbRcbRebLibLibLobLebLobRcbLgbLcbRobRcbLo
bLcbRobLebLebLobRobLebRobRobRobRobLobLgbRcbRobLhbRhbLsbRibRgbLebLobRob
RsbRobLobLebLobRobRobLibRsbLebLobRebLebLebLgbLebRgbRobRcbLebLgbLebLebL
obRgbLobLebLebLebLcbRcbLobLobLcbRebLsbRobRobLebRobRebLgbLobRcbLhbLobRe
bLobRobLsbRebRebLobLsbRobRobRebLobRebRcbRebRobLobLobRobRhbRcbLobRobLeb
LobLcbLebRebLebLobLobRobLebRobRobLobRcbRebRgbRobRsbRebLobRcbRobLcbRobL
ebLebRhbRebRcbLibRibRibRobLcbLobLhbRobLobLibLcbLebRobLhbRobRsbLebLgbRo
bLebRebLobRcbRcbLgbRcbLsbLeRsbLebRebRebLebRobRobLibRgbLebLebLibLobRebR
hbRebLsbLobRcbLcbLobRcbRebRgbRobRobLobLebLsbLcbRobRobRebRobRobLebLobLg
bRobLobLsbRobRebRsbRobRebRobRhbLobLebRobLebLcbRcbRcbLjbLcbRcbLebLobRsb
RhbLobLobLobLebLcbRebRebLobLobLebRebRcbRebRobLebRobLobRebRcbLobLibLsbR
gbLobRgbLebRobRobRebRebRibLcbRebLobRebRebRobLebLcbLcbRcbRcbLsbLcbLobLo
bRsbRobLobRobLobLebLsbLobRgbLcbLibRobLcbRobLcbRebRjbRcbReb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 32; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsRsbLsbRsRsRsmmbsbLgRsbLsRsbRsbsbRsRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 33; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bsbLsLsmbLcLsmbsbRsbRgbRgbsbLsbsbLsbLsbRgbRgLsbRgbRibRsbRsbRsbRsbRsRsm
bRibRsRsRsmmbLsLsmbRgbRsRiLsLsmbRcLsbRibLsbLcLiLsbLoLsmbLgLsbLibRsbRsb
RiRsmbRgbRibRgbRsRsRsmmbRiRsmbRgRsmbLgLsbLsbLsLsmbRsbRcRsmbRibRgbLsbRg
RsmbRsRsmbRgbLsLgbRibRgbRiRsmbRsRsmbRsbRibRgbRibRibLsbLhbLobLibLsLsmbL
gLsbRgRsmbRgbRiRsmbRgLsbRsLsbRsLobLobLgbRgbRgbRibRsRsRsmmbRgLsbsbRgbRh
LsLsmbRibRsbRgRsmbRgRsmbRsbsbRsRsmbRsbRgRsmbRiRsmbRsRibsbLgbRcbRibRibR
gRsmbRgRsmbRjRsRsmmbRgRsmbRgLsbLsbRgbLsRsbRgbRsbsbRsbRsRsmbRjLsbLsbRgb
LsbRjbRgbRsbRjLsLsmbRgbRgLsbRgbRgbRgRsmbRgbLgLsLsLsmmbsbLjbLiLsbRjbLhL
sbLjRsLsbLsLsmbRgbLobLsLsmbLebLsLsmbLsLsmbLibRsbLeLsbRgbRhbRsLsbLsbRgb
RibRgbRgbLjbRibLiLsRsbLsLsLsmmbRsbRgRsRsmmbRgbRsbRsRsmbRibRsbLsLsmbLgb
RiRsmbLobLcbLiLsbLsbRsLsRsbLiLsbRsbRsbsbLcbLcLsmbLcbLjLgLsLsmbRsLsLsLs
mmbsbRsbRsRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 34; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsRsmbRsRsmbLsbRsRgbRsbRsbRsbRgLsbRgLgbRibRiLsLsmbRiLsLsmbRiRsRsmmbRi
bRgbRgLsbRgLsbRsRsLsmbRgbRsbRsbLsbRsbLsLsRsLsmbLsRsRsLsmbRgbRsRsRsmmbR
gLsbRgLsbRiLsbRhLsLsRsmbLgLsbsbRcbReRsLsmbRebRiRsmbRibRgbLsLjbLcbLcbRg
RsLsLsmmbRsbLjbRibRgbRgLsbRgbLibLgbLibLibLobRsbLgLsbRsbLsbLsbLibRjbRjb
LsbRgRsLsmbRsbRgRsmbRsbRgRsmbsbsbLsbRgLsbRibLsRsbLgRsbRiLsbRsbRsRsRsmm
bRgRsmbLsLsRsmbRiRsmbRsRsRsmmbLsRsbRibRgRsmbLsbsbLsbRgbRgRsRsmmbRiLsbL
gLsbRsbRiRsmbRgbRsbsbLsbRebLsRsbLgLsbRebsbRhbRgLsbRsbRsRsmbLsRsRsmbsbs
bsbRsbRoLsbReLsbLsbLsLsmbRhbRhRsmbRgbRgRsmbRsRsRsmmbRsRsRsRsmmmbRgLsbR
gLsbsbRgbRsRsmbRsRsRsLsmmbLjbsbsbsbsbsbRsbLsRsLsRsbsbRsbLsbRsbRsbLsbRi
bRgbRjbLobLsRsbRsLsbRcLsbRsRsmbRhLsbRsLsbLeLsbRgbLsbsbLgLsbLgRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 35; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsbRgbRsbRsbRsbRsbRgbRgRsmbRgbsbRgbsbsbLcbLibLsbLsbLsbLgbLsbLsbsbRsRs
mbRgbRsRsmbLsRsbLsRsbRgbRsbRgbRsbRsRsmbRgbRsbLsbRiRsRsRsmmmbRsRsmbRsRs
mbRsbRgbRgbRsRsmbRsbRsbLsRsbRgbRiRsmbLsLsmbRsbRiRsmbLsLsmbRcLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 36; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLeLsbLsRsRsLsmbLcRsbRgRsRsmmbRcRsRsmmbRibRibRiRsmbRsRsmbRgbRgbRsbRgbR
gbLcbLibLgbLoRsbRsbRsRsmbLgLsbLgbLgbLsLsmbRsRsmbRhbRiRsmbLgbLgRsbLcbLg
bLsbLsLsmbLiLsbLgLsbLgLgbRsRsmbRgbRsbRibRgRsmbRgLsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 37; Drug: Control Apo low
bRibLjLgbsbRebLobRcbRsbRsbRobRsbLgbRsbLsbLcbRjbLibLjbRoLsbRibRsbRcbRib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 38; Drug: Control Apo low
bRibLibLgRsbLebRgbRcbLoRsbRjbLiLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 39; Drug: Control Apo low
bLcLsLsRsLsmmbRsbRcbsbLibLgbLibLgbLibLibLcbLibLibLgbLobLebLibLibLsbLib
LobsbLebLibLibLhLsLsmbLibLsLgbLsRsbLiLsbLgbLebLsbLebLibLibLebLcbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 40; Drug: Control Apo low
bLgLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 41; Drug: Control Apo low
bRobRsLsbRsRsmbLsbRsbRjbLobLjbRsbLjbLjbRebLjbLsbLsbLjbRsbRobLsbLobRsbL
jRobLjbLobRebRjbRsLsbLsbLjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 42; Drug: Control Apo low
bLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 43; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRgbRsbRiRsmbLgbLgbRibRsbLgbRgbRcbRsbRibRgbRsbLjLsmbRibRsbLsbRsbRgbLsb
RsbRgbLsbRsbRsbRsLsbLsbRsbRsbRgbRgbLsbLsbLsbRoLsbRsbRgRsmbLgbLgbLgbLsL
smbLgbRgbLgbLgbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 44; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsRsmbRsRsmbRjbRsbRjLsLsmbLsLsmbRsRsRsmmbRsbRsbRsbLcbRoLsbLiRsbLhbLsR
sbLsbLjbRobLsbLsbRgbRcbRsbLjbRoLsbsbRsbLsRsRsmbLsRsbLgbRibRebLhRsbLgRs
RsmbRsbLgbLgRsbLsbLgbLsbLsbLgbsbRsRsmbRsbsbLgLsLsmbRsbLcbLgLsbLsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 45; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bsbRcbRsbLgbLibRsbRsbLsbLhRsbRgLsbLsbLgbRsbRgRsmbLsbRsRsLsmbRsbRsRsmbR
sbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 46; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 47; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRgbRsbRgbRsbRsRsmbRsbRgLsbRgbLsRsbRsRsRsmmbsbRsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 150913; End: 151413;
Recording: 6-1; Individual: 48; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 1; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsbsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 2; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLsbLsbLcbLobLsbRsLsbLcbLjbLobLsbLsLsRsRsmmbRhbLobLebLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 3; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLgbRsbLibLsbLsbRgbLobLsbLsbLgbLsbRsbLjbLgbLgbLsbLsbLsbRsbLsbLgbLoRsRs
mbRibLjbLhbRjbRobRhbRgbLiRsbRib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 4; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLgLsLsmbRjbRhbRgbRsbRsbRgLsbRsbLsRsRsmbRgbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 5; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRobRcbRsbLobLgbLibLibRibLebRobRsbRobRebLcbRobLebRobRebLhbRobLcbRsbLcb
RcbLcbLcbRobLebLobLebLebRebLebRgbLobLebLgbLebLsbRcbLcbLobRebLebLhbRobL
ebLibRsbLcbLebLobRebRibLobRobLobRebLobLcbRcbRhbLobLobRobRjbLibRgbRebLo
bLobLebRobLebLobRebRibRibLebLobLebRgbRcbRcbLobLobLebRsbRjbRebRgbRcbLob
RebRsbRobLibLgbRebLobLebRobRebRgbRebLobRobRobRobRobRebLebLobRgbRobLebR
jbLobRobRibRebRsbLcbLcbLhbRobLobLobRobLobLibLibRobLebRobLobLobRebRhbLo
bRgbRobRebLobRobRebLebLjbLebRobLibLcbLebRebLebLebRebRgbLebRobRobLsbLeb
LgbLgbLgbRobRsbLcbRibRhbLibRsbLgbRebRobRobRobLebLsbRcbLcbRobRebLebLobL
hbRobRcbLcbLobRibLebLebLobLobLobLcbRobRobRcbRebRcbRobLebLibLcbRebRebLc
bLobLsbLobRibRebLebLgbRebRebLgbRsbRobRebRebRobRcbRebRcbRcbRcbLebLebLhb
RobLsbRobLgbLebLobLsbRcbRcbRobRebRobLcbLobLjbLebLebLobLobRcbRobLobRobL
obRcbLobLebLebRcbRjbRebLcbRebLebRobRcbRgbLebLobLsbLgbRobLebRebRobRebLe
bRobLcbLsbLobRebLobRgbRebRgbRebRobRobLgbLobLcbRobRcbRobLhbLcbLebLibRcb
RsbLebRebRobLobLcbRobLibLgbLibRobRobLobLcbLgbRobLobRobLebLibRgbRebRobL
gbLobLebLgbLebRibRcbRebLobRobLebLobLobRebRhbLobLcbRgbLobLobLebLobLibLc
bLhbRobLcbRsbLobLebLcbRebRobRebRgbLsbRobLgbLhbRebLebLibLebRgbLgbLcbLeb
LgbLobLgbLcbRobRebRobRibLibLjbLgbRibLcbRgbRcbRobLibLibRobLobLobLobLgbR
gbRebLobLgbLebRobLebRobLebLsbRibLebRibLobLobLibRebLsbLgbRsbLobRobRgbRe
bRhbLebLgbRjbRhbLobLobLcbLebRibRebLhbRebLebLcbRcbLsbLobLebRcbRobRcbLob
LobLobLhbRobLgbLobRebLibLsbRobRobLsbLsbLobRebLebLcbLebLgbRobRebRobLobR
ebRebRobLsbRobLebRebRebLebRebLobRobLobLobLibLebLobRibRgbLobLobRebRebLo
bRibLsbLsbRebRibLobRsbRobLcbLebRjbLebLebLcbRobRcbRebRobRibLobRobRebLcb
RobRebRcbLobRebLebLobLebRgbRcbLebLobLobRibRobRobLebLhbRebLgbLebLobLobL
ebRobRobRebRgbRebLebLobRgbLebRcbRcbLgbLsbLibRobRhbRibLebLebLebLsbLebRe
bRgbLobLobRobRebRobLibRcbRebRebRsbRobLsbRebLebRgbLebLobRebLebLobRgbLib
LebRebLcbLobLobRebRibLgbLcbLcbLibLebRibLobRebLgbLsbLsbLobLobLibRebRhbR
gbLobRobRibLebRebRebRebLibRibRobLgbRobRobLebRgbRebLcbRgbLibLibLsbLebRc
bLgbRsbRebRsbLgbLcbLebLjbLcbRgbLobLebLebLebRibRobRebLebLebLobRobLsbRib
RgbRobLibRibRibRcbLsbLibRgbLsbLebLibLibRibLebRsbLebRobLebRibLsbLebRobL
ibRcbLebLobRob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 6; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLobLobRibLcbLobLjbLibRcbRcLsbRoLsbLobRhbRcLsbRibLgbRobLibLibRcbRjLsbR
sRsmbLjbRibLebLgLsbRgbLhbRibLcLsmbLhRsbLhbLgbLsbLgbRgbLibLjbRjLsbLobLc
LsmbRjbLgbLgbRsbLgbLgbLgbLgbLgbRgLsbLgbRgbLgbLsbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 7; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsbsbsbsbsbsbLsLsmbRsLhLsLsmbRoLsbLhLsbLoLsmbLsLsmbLsbLgbLsbLsbRjbLib
LsLsmbLsLsRsmbLgRsbRsRsmbRsLcbLsLibsbLsbLsbsbRgbLsLsmbRsLsRsbRsbRsbsbL
sbLsLsmbRsbRsLsbLjbRjbLsbsbsbsbsbLsbsbLsbLsbLgbLsLsmbLsRsbLsLsmbLsbLiR
sbLjLsmbsbsbRsbLsbRjbLsbRsRobLsLsmbLsbsbsbRsRsmbLobLoRsLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 8; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsLsmbRgRgRsmbRsRiReRsRiReRsmmbRsRsRsmmbRsRsmbRsRsRsRsmmmbRsRsmbRsbRg
bRgbRsRsLsmbLsLsmbLsLsRsRsmmbRsbRsRsmbRsLsbRsLsRsbRsbRsRsRsLgmmbRgRsLs
mbRsRsmbRsbRsRsmbRgRsmbRsbRibLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 9; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRobRebLobRsbLsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 10; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsbRebRhbLiLsbRebLsbReRsmbLsbLobRobRobLebLjbLjbLgbsbRgbRsbRobRibLjbLg
bRobLebRsbLgbLcbRsbLgbLsbLsbRsRsmbRobRobRsLjbLsbRsbLsbLjbRobRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 11; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRgbRcRsRsmmbLsRsRsmbRsbRgRsmbRgbLjbLcbRcbLsRsbLsRsLsbRsLsbsbLsbRsbRib
LsLsmbsbRsRsRsRsmmmbRgbLsbLsbRgRsRsmmbRgbLsLsmbLgbRgbRgRsmbLsbsbRsbRgR
sRsmmbRgRsRsmmbRsLsbRgRsRsmmbRgbLsbLsbRsbRsRsmbRgRsmbRsbLsbRgbRiRsmbRh
bLgLsbRsRsmbLsLsLsmmbRsLsbLiLsbLgLsbLgbLibRcRsmbRiRsmbRsbRgRsmbRsRsmbR
sbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 12; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLgLsbLgbsbsbRcbRcRsmbRsbRsbsbsbRsLsbRsbsbLsbsbLsRsRsmbRsLsbsbRsbLsLsm
bLsbLsRsRsLsLsRsmmbsbLsbsbsbRebRoRsmbLhbLsbRoRsmbLsLcbLgbLgbLsLsmbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 13; Drug: Control Apo low
bLebLgbRsLsbsbRsLsbLsLsmbRebLgbLgRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 14; Drug: Control Apo low
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 15; Drug: Control Apo low
bRibLgbRsbLgLsbRgbRobsbRsbRsRgRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 16; Drug: Control Apo low
bLhRsbLcbLoRsbLsbLgbLgbLhRsRsLsmbLsbLibRoLsbRcbRoLsbLgbLoRsbLsRsbLsbLc
bLobLiRsRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 17; Drug: Control Apo low
bRjbLsbLsbRebLsbLsbLgbLgbLibLgbLibRsbRjbRcbLsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 18; Drug: Control Apo low
bRobRgbRobRebLobRebLobLobLcbRebLcbLobRhbLebLobRebLebLebLibRebRhbLobLcb
RsbLebLobRebRebRobLobLcbLobLcbRsbLgbRcbLobRobLobRobLcbRebLhbLobRcbLobR
ebRcbRebRebLebLobLobRebLebLobRsbLebLebLobLhbRobLebLobRebRobRobRebRebLe
bLobLebRebRebLobLobLcbRobLobLcbLcbLobRebLobLsbRobLobLgbRcbRobRebLobReb
LcbRebRobRebLobLcbLobLsbLgbRcbLcbLhbLobLcbLobLobLobRgbLibLobLcbLcbRobL
obRebRcbLobRhbLobLcbLsbRobLebRebRebRobRsbLobRobRibRobLobLobLobRgbRebRc
bRobRobLcbLibRobLobLobRibRibLobLobLebRebRibRcbLebLobRibRcbLibRobLobRob
LobLobRobRebRibRobRebRibLebRobLobLcbRebRcbRcbLhbRobRobRobLebLgbLebLobR
ebRgbRobLobRcbRobRsbRebLobRobLcbLobLebRobRhbLebRcbLebRjbRobLsbLebRcbRc
bLobLebRobRebRebRobLcbRhbRsbRobLobLobRebRsbRebRobLobLebLobLcbLobLcbRib
LobRibLobRobLobLobRobLobLobRibRobRebRobRobRcbRobLcbLjbRcbRobRcbRobLebR
obLibRcbRebRebRobRobLobRhbRobRobRcbRcbLobLobRobLgbRebLobLsbLobRobLebLs
bRcbRebLebLebLcbRobLobRebRgbRebRgbLgbRobRibRibRcbLibLebRobRebRibLebLob
RobRebRobRibLcbRobLobRibRebLobRebLobLibLcbLobLobLjbRcbLebRgbRcbLcbLobL
jbLcbRebLobRobRebLebLebLsbLobLobLebRobLobRebLobLobLobLobRobLobLcbRibLg
bRobRibRibRebRjbRcbRcbRobLebRobLebRgbRobLibLobLobLcbRcbLobRobRobLobRgb
RebLobLobRebRobLebLsbLebLobRebRobRebLsbLebRibLebRcbRibRobLebLsbRcbRebR
obRhbRcbRobLobRsbLobLobRebRobLcbRobLobRibRsbLobLobLobRobRobRcbLobLobRo
bRibLjbLebRobLobLebLebRobLebRebLcbLobLebLcbRcbLibLgbRibRobRgbRobRcbLeb
LebRebRobLebRebRsbLobLobLebLgbLebRebRebLebRcbRibRcbLcbLebLobLebRcbRebL
cbLobRcbRobRcbRebLebLibLobLsbLobLebRobLcbLgbLebRobLsbRcbRhbRobRcbLobRc
bRobLobRobRibLobRobLobRebRibLobLobLobLgbLobLsbLcbLobLcbLcbRobLobLebLcb
LebLcbLobRjbLobLcbLebLcbRobLsbLcbRebLobRhbRcbRgbRgbRobLobRebLobRcbRcbR
obRebLgbLobLebLobLobLhbLcbLibRhbRobLcbRcbRibRibLebRobRebRobLcbLobLobRo
bRcbLobLjbRebRobRcbRobRobLcbRobLebLobRobLgbRobLobLibRcbRebRibLebRobLcb
RcbRobRebLebRobRhbLobLcbRebRobLobLsbRibLobLgbLebRobRobLobLcbRebRobRgbR
ibRibLebRobLsbLgbRcbLobLobLobRcbLsbLcbRobRobLebLcbLobRcbLobRcbRhbLobLc
bRobRgbLebRobRebLcbLebLcbRobLobLobLebRobLebLcbLobLebRebRcbLobRcbRebLcb
LobLgbLebRebRgbLobLcbRebLobRsbLhbRobLgbLcbLobRobLobLobRobLobRhbRobLsbL
jbRsbRobRobRobRobRobRibLebRcbLibRebLobLobRcbRobRgbLebRibLobRibRobLobLo
bRcbLobRobLobRhbRcbRobRobLobLobLobLobRobLobRebRebLhbLobLebLobRebRgbLcb
LebRcbRgbLgbLobLjbRibRobLobRcbLobLobLobRebLebRobLobLibRibLgbLobLibRibL
ebLcbLebLobRobLobLobRebRebRibRobRcbLibRobLobRebLebLobRcbRibLobRcbLgbRo
bRsbLobLobLcbLobRobLgbRibRebLsbLgbRibRgbRobRhbRibRsbRobLebLobLebLobLeb
RibLcbRcbRobLsbLobRobLebRebLebRibRcbLebLobLebLgbLcbRebRobLobLibLgbRobL
obRobLsbLobLibRcbRebLhbRcbLcbLjbRibRobLobRcbRsbRobLsbLibRcbRobRebRobRo
bLobRibLobLcbRsbRobRcbRebLobLobRcbRebLobRcbLebRcbRibLobLobLebLobLebRsb
LsbLebRobLobLsbLsbLcbRibRsbLobLgbRcbLobLobLebRcbLcbLcbLebLibLobRobRebR
obLibLcbRgbRcbLobRcbLobRobRebRgbLebLobRobRobRhbRsbLobRobLobLgbRobLobLe
bLobLgbRobRobRobLobLebRebLobLgbRobRgbRobRebRibLibLobLcbLgbLobLibRibLjb
RobRobLcbRobLobRobRebLcbLobRjbRebRobRebRebRobRebLibRcbLcbLobLsbRcbLebL
jbLobLebLebRibLobLobRebLcbRebLgbRobLebLgbLobLcbLcbLobRcbLebRobLsbLebRo
bRobLebLebRcbRebLhbRcbLebLhbRobLebLebLhbLcbLcbLebLhbLobRebRobLobRebRib
LgbLebRobLebLsbRebLebRebRcbRebRebLobRebRsbRobLobLobLebLgbLcbLobRibLibL
obRcbLobRibLobRobRgbRjbLobLebRibLobLobLobLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 19; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLibLsbRgRsmbRsbRsbRsbsbLsbLsbRsLsbRsbRsbRsbLsbsbsbLsLsLsRsLsRsLsmmbLs
LsmbLsRsLsRsLsLsmbRsbLsLsmbLsRsbLsbRsbLsbRsbRsLsbsbsbLjLsmbLsbLsbsbsbs
bsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 20; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bsbRibRgbRsbsbLsbsbsbRsbsbsbsbsbLsbsbsbLsbLsbsbRsbRsRsmbRsLsbLsbLsbRsL
sbLsbLsbRsbRsbLsbRsbRsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 21; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRibLeLsbRsRsmbRsbsbRgbRgRsmbRsbRsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 22; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRiRsRsmmbRgLsbRgbRsbRiRsmbRgbRhbRibRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 23; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsLgbRsbLibLjRsLsbLgbLibLibLgLsbLiLsbRsRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 24; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbsbsbLsbLsbRsbLibLsbLsbRgbRgbRgbRcbRoLsLsmbLgbLsbRsbsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 25; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsbLoRsbLcbLsbLibRsRgbLibRibRsbsbRcLsbRgLsbLsbRgbRgbRsbRgbLsbRiLsbLib
RcbRhbRsbRgbRsbRibLsbLsbLibRcbLhbRjbLibLibLsbLeRsbLgLsbRsbLgbLgbRsLsbR
gbRsbLhbRcbLgbLhbLhbRibLibLsbLgbLibRgbLibRsRgbLibRsbLgbLsbLgRsLsbLgbLc
bRgbLcRsbRsbLgbLgbLgbLsbLgbLsbLibRgbLgbLsLsmbLsbLsbLsbRgbLsbLgbLsbLiLs
bLibLiLsbLibRgRsmbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 26; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 27; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLjbRgbLsbRgbLsLsmbRgLsbRgLsbLgbRsbsbRgbRsRsmbRhLsbLsbLsbLibLsbRobRiLs
bLibLobRgbLibRsbLgbLibRsbLgbLsbRgbRgbLjbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 28; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLsbsbLgbRsbLsbLsbLgbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 29; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsbRsbsbRsbLsbRibLsbRsbLsbLgbLgbLsLsmbLibLibRsbLibLoLsmbLgLsbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 30; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLsRsbLsbLsLsmbLgLsbRgbRiLsbLgbLgRsbLsLsmbRcLsbRebsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 31; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLebRobRobLsbLebLibLcbRobLebRobLobLcbRobRgbRibRebRgbLsbLobRobLebRcbRob
RgbRobLebRebLobLhbRgbLcbLibRobLebLebLobRgbRobLcbLebLobRebRibLobRebRobR
ebLebRobRebLcbLgbLebRobRebLebLibRebRgbLobLibRebRibRcbLgbLcbLgbRebRobRo
bRgbLibLobLsbLsbRebRobLobRgbRobLobRgbRebRebLebRobLgbLebRobRhbRgbLibLob
LobRcbLebRebLebRsbLobRobLobLgbRebLobLgbRobRibRcbRgbLobRgbRibLobRobLobL
obLobRcbLcbLobRebRobLobLobRobRobRcbRobRobLebRebRcbLobLgbRobRcbRebRebRo
bRcbLibRsbRobLebLobRibRobLobRjbLcbLobLibRobRobRcbLgbLgbRcbLobLibRobLeb
RibRebRcbLcbLobLsbRebRobRobRebRebRebLobLobRobLobRcbLobLobRobLobRcbLebR
gbRobLgbLobRibLobRebLobRobRibLebRcbRebRobLobRobLgbLobLebLobRobLobLebLg
bRobRobLobLsbRobLobLcbLobRobLobLobRibRebRobLgbLobRobRebRibRhbLobLebRob
LobLobLobRobLebLsbLebRobLobRebRebLgbRcbRebLcbRgbRcbLibLebLcbLobRebRobL
obRobLobRsbLgbRibLcbLebRebRjbRcbRobLobRobLobRobLebLebRcbLgbLcbLgbLgbLc
bRobLcbRhbRobRobLebRcbLobLebLcbLobRebRsbLobLsbLebLebRibLebLcbRhbLobReb
LobRobRebRobLcbLobRebRobRcbRobLibLsbRobLcbRebLsbRcbLobLobLebRobRcbRibL
ebRebRcbRobRebLobLobLobLebRibRgbLobLcbLebLobLibLobLobRobLebRobRebLebRc
bLcbLsbRobLobLcbLebLobLobLcbRcbLibLhbRebRhbLebLsbRobRibRcbRobLcbLobLob
LebRobRebRobRibLcbLibRebRibLebLobLibLobLobLcbRcbRobRebLcbLobLobRibRebL
sbRobLhbLibLebLobLebRgbLsbRcbRobLibLgbLcbRibRobRgbLebRobRobRebRobRobRo
bRcbLobRobLobLobLibRobRobRhbRobRebRobRcbRobLebRebLobRcbRcbRobLobLobLob
RobRobLobRobRgbRcbLebLobLebLibRobLcbLobLobLobLebLcbLebLebRobRebRgbRobR
sbLibRsbRobLcbRcbLsbLcbLobRobLobLibRibRobLcbLobRcbRcbLobRcbLobLcbLsbRo
bLobLibRobRobLibRebRebRhbLcbLibRobLsbRcbLebRibLcbLcbRibRebLibLobLcbLib
LcbLsbLobRebLobRebLsbRebLcbRobRobRebRcbRibRebLebRcbRobRcbRcbLobRobRgbR
ibLebLcbLhbLebLobRobLobLgbLgbRebLobLobRcbRcbRobRobLebRcbLcbRcbLobLebRc
bLhbLebRebLsbRcbLebLcbRebRibLobLebRobRebLobRebRibLobRsbRebLobRebRobRob
LobRcbRcbLebLibRebLcbRobLgbLibRobRcbRobRcbLebRgbRjbRibRibRobLgbRebRebL
obRobLcbLibLibLgbLhbLgbRibLebLobRobLibLebRobLobRgbRebLobLgbRobRobLobLs
bRobRobRsbLcbLobRcbRgbLobRobLcbRcbRcbLgbLobRibRobRcbRgbLebLobRibRobRib
LsbLebLobRobRsbLobRcbRobLebLobRcbLebLebRibLebLobRgbLobRobLobLcbLobRobR
gbRsbRcbLobLgbLebRobRobRebLobRebLebLobRcbLobRebRebRobLebRibLobRobLobLo
bLcbRcbRobLobRobLebLcbRibLobRcbRobLobLobLsbLcbLsbLobLobRebRcbRobRebReb
RobLjbRgbLobRobLebRsbRsbLobLobLobRebRobRgbRobLebRcbRibRcbLobRobRebLobR
gbRobLgbLcbRhbLobRobLcbRebLcbLibRebRebRebLhbLebRebLobLebRebRcbRobLebRs
bRcbLsbLcbLgbLcbRobRobLebLgbRebRgbRibLcbLobRebRebLobLebLibLcbLebLebLob
LobLebLobLhbRobRobRibRobLgbLcbLebRebLhbRibRebLobLcbRgbRgbRobRcbRobRobR
cbRcbRcbLcbLibLobLobRcbRobRsbRebLebRobRobRobRebRobRobRebRebRobLobLibRo
bLebLhbRcbLibRcbRobLebRgbLobRibRsbRobRhbLcbRobRebRobRibLobLebRebRibRob
LobLibLibLebRcbRobRobRobRcbRobLcbLebRibLebRobLibRsbRobRobRebLebLgbLobR
obLobRcbRgbRsbLobLobRobRebLcbRcbLobLcbLcbRobLebLebRobRobRcbLebRobLobRc
bLsbLobLcbRebLhbRibRobLsbLibRobRobLebRgbRobLcbRjbLsRjbRsbsbLsbRebRebRs
bLsbRebRebLibLcbRobLcbRobRobLebLobRibRcbLebRobLjbLebRcbRhbRsbLibRcbLgb
LobRebLebRebRob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 32; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bsbRsbRsRsmbRsbLsLsmbsbsbRsbRsbLsbLsbRsbsbLsRsbsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 33; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLgbLsLsmbLgbRibRgbLgbRibLobLhbRibRsbLgLsbRsLsbRgbLebLcbRebRgbLjbLsbLh
bLhRsLsbRiRsmbLiLsbLsbLgLsbLsLsLsmmbRgbRhRsmbRiRgLsLsmbLsLsLsmmbRjbLob
LjbRhbRgbRebRhbRibRgRsRsmmbsbLsbRjbLsLsmbRsLsbLgLsbLgbLsLsmbRcbLsbRsbR
ibRgbRiLsbRiLsbRgRsmbRgbRiRsmbRsbRgbRgbRgLsbRgbLsbsbRsbRsRsmbRgbRgbsbR
gbRgbLsbRgbLsbRgbRgbRibRsbLgbLcbLibRjbRibLcRsbsbRsRsmbLcbRcLsbLjLsmbLg
bRsLsLsmbLsLsmbLcLsmbLcbRcRsLsmbRsbRiRsmbLgbRcbLeLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 34; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsLsmbLsRsLgbLgbLsbRjbRcRsLsRsRsmmbLjbLgbRcRsmbRsRsmbLjbRgbRsRsRsmmbR
gLsRsbRgbRsLsbRibRsRsmbRgLsRsbRgbRgbLgRsbRobLobRsbLibRjbRhbRiLsbRgbRsb
LsbRsbLsbRsLsbLsbRgbRibRibRgRsRsmmbRsbRsRsmbRsRsmbRgbRsbRgRsmbLgRsbRsb
RgbRgRsmbRiRsLsLsmmbRiLsbReLsbRebRgbRjLsbRgbRgLsbRgLsLsRsmbLsbRgLsbRsL
sbLsLsmbsbRibLsbRgbRsLsbRgLsbRgbRsbRsbRgbRsbRsRgbRgLsbRgLsbsbsbRgRsmbL
sbRsRsmbRiLsbReRsmbRgLsbRsLsLsmbRibRsLsbLcbLsLgbRsLgbLhbRsRgRsmbRiLsbR
hbLgbLsLsmbLiRsbRgLsbLgbRsLcbRibRoLsbLhbRhLsbRcLsbRebRsbRgRsmbRsbRgRsm
bRsbRsbRsRsRsmmbLsRsbRgLsRsRsmbRgbLsbRgbRgbRsLsLsmbRgRsmbRsRsRsmmbLsRs
bLgbRibLsLsmbLsLgLsbRsbRiLsbRsbRsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 35; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bsbsbRgbLsbRgbLsbLoRsbLsLsmbRsRhRsmbRgbRsRsmbRsRsmbRgbRsbRsbLsRsLsbRsR
sRsmmbRgbRsbRsbRgRsmbRsbRsbRsbRgbLoRsbLgbRgLsbLgbLiLsbLsbLgLsbLgLsbLgb
LgbLgbLsbLgbLsLsLsmmbLgbLsbLgLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 36; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLgbLsbRsbRsRgbRgRsmbRgbLjbRgLgbRsbRsRsmbLgLsbLgLsbLsLsmbLsbRsLhLsbLsb
LhbLsbLsLsmbLgLgbLiLsbLsLsmbLsbLsbLgbLsLsmbLsLibLsLsLsLsLsRsmmmmbLgLsb
LsbRsRsRsmmbReLsbRsbRibRsbLibLibRgbRgRsmbsbLoRsbRsbRsbRsLsRsbsbsbLsbLs
bLsRsLsbRsbRsbLsbLsbRcLsbLibLibLsLsmbLibLgLsbLgbLsLsLsmmbLsbRgbRgRsmbR
iRsmbRibRjbRibLsbLsbRgRsmbRsRsmbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 37; Drug: Control Apo low
bRjbsbLibRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 38; Drug: Control Apo low
bRcbLobLsbRjLsLsLsmmbRebLgbLjbLjbLcLobLibLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 39; Drug: Control Apo low
bLhRsbLsbLgbRhbLcbLgbLobLebLcbLcbLibLgRsbLcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 40; Drug: Control Apo low
bLgbRibLgbRobLobLobRcbRobLgbLcbLobRobRcbLcbRobRcbLobRobLobRobLobRebRcb
RebLobLobLcbRebLobRcbRsbRsbLhbLcbLhbLcbRobRobRebRobRcbLobLcbRgbLobLcbR
jbRcbRobRebRcbRebLobRsbLobRgbLobRebLgbLcbLhbLcbLcbRcbRsbRebLcbLcbLibLs
bLobRebLebRgbRobRcbRebRgbRobRcbRobLcbLcbRobRibLobRobRcbRebRobLgbLobLeb
RsbRobLobLobRgbLgbRobRhbRibLsbRebLsbRgbLibRsbRobLjbLebRebLobLobLobRebL
jbRibRgbLebRobLobRibRcbRebRebRobRobRsbRibRobRjbLebLibLgbRgbRobLobRobRo
bRobRgbLobLobLobLobLobRobLebLsbRobRcbRobLcbLebRebRibRgbLobRobLobLibLob
RobRebRgbLebRobRobRcbRobRobRibLebRcbLibLebRcbRcbLobLobRibRebRsbLcbLibL
cbLobLebLhbRcbRobLsbLobLibRgbRebRobLobRebLgbRobLcbRobLebLsbLcbLebLcbLs
bRobLobRcbLobRhbLebRobRebLebRobLhbLobLgbLsbRcbRobLobLebLobRebRobLcbLeb
RebRsbLebLcbLebRebRibRobLcbLcbRobRibLcbRobLcbLcbLcbLebRobLcbLobLobRhbR
sbRebRobRobLcbLebLcbLcbRobRobRibLobLobRcbLobRebLibRebRebRobLgbRobLobLo
bLobRobRibRebRobRobLebRsbRebRobRebRobLobLobLgbRobRsbRobRobRibRgbLobLeb
LcbLobLibLebRibRobRebRebLcbLobRebLobRcbLsbLobLibLobRibLcbLebRobRebLobR
obLobLgbLebLobRobRobRebLobRobRebRobRobLobLobRcbLcbRobLobRcbRibLgbRobLo
bLobRobLibLebLobRcbLobLebLobLibRobLobLgbLebRcbRobRebRobLobLobRcbRebLob
LcbLgbRobRobLobLsbRebLebRobLobLsbLsbRibLsbLgbRobRebLobRobRcbLobLobLsbR
ebLcbLgbLobLcbRobRebLobLcbRcbRgbLebRebLebRobLobLibLobLebRebLebRgbLjbLg
bLhbLobRobRcbLcbLobRcbRobLobRhbRcbRcbLobRgbLcbLobLgbRibRebRobLobRobRsb
LobLobLcbLcbRcbRibLcbRebLobRebLebRobRobLcbLgbLobLsbRebLobRgbRcbLsbRobL
ebLobRebRobLebRebRobLobRhbRobRebLcbRcbRsbLgbLhbRcbLibLgbRobLgbRebRcbRs
bRobLobRibRobLcbRobLobLobRhbLibLgbRcbRebLobRgbRobRsbRobRcbRcbLcbRebRob
LibRgbRebLcbLhbLobRcbLobLobRobRhbRobLobLebLobRgbLcbLebRsbRhbRebRobRobL
ebLsbLobRobLobLgbRibRobRobLgbLobRcbLobRjbRobRcbRobRobLobLcbLcbLgbRobLe
bLobRebLebLcbRobRobRobRibLcbRsbRcbLobLibLcbLibLobRobRebLebRobRobRibLcb
LsbLobRobLobLobLebLobRibRobRobRjbLsbRcbRcbLibRobLibLobLibRebRobRobLgbR
ebLobRobLebRcbLsbRibLibLobLibRcbRibLgbRobLgbRobLobRcbLobLhbLebRobLibLi
bRcbLcbLcbLgbLobRobRcbRebRobRobLobRibLobRobRobRjbLobRebRobLcbLgbRobRob
RgbRcbLibRsbLebRobLcbLobLibRobRibLebRibRgbLobRobLobRjbRcbRebLobRgbRgbL
jbRobLobLhbRcbLsbRcbRibRebLobLebLobLobRobRebLobRsbLcbLobLcbLgbLobLobRi
bLcbRebRcbLobLobLsbLobRebRobRobLebLcbRobLebLjbLsbLhbLobLobRobRobLobLeb
LobLcbLobRobLebLebRcbLobLebLcbLobLcbRcbRgbLcbLcbRobLobRebRgbLebRebRobL
cbLobRebRcbRebLebRobRobLcbLebLobLebLcbRibLcbLobRobLobLibLebLcbLebLibLo
bRgbLobRebRebLcbRcbRibLobRcbLcbLobRobRobRcbRcbLobLjbRobLebLibRobRobLob
LcbLobRgbRobLobRobLgbRgbLgbLebRobRobRhbLebLebLobLobRobRgbLsbLebLhbLibL
cbRibLebLebRobLsbRebRobLibLebLsbLebLsbRebRobLhbLgbLobRcbLsbRebRgbRobRo
bLobRhbRobRobRebRcbRobRobRcbRobLebLgbRibRebLobRcbRsbRibRebRebLobRcbLob
RibRebRcbRobRebLgbRibRobRibRobLebLobLcbLobRcbRobLobLobRobRebRsbRobRcbL
sbLobRobLobRgbRcbLobRobRibLibLebRebRobLobRobLebLebLcbRcbLobLcbLebRobLc
bRibRobLebLgbLcbLjbRcbLebLgbLsbRobRobRsbRibRcbLobLebLobRobRobRcbLibLib
RobRebLibLsbRcbRobRgbRebRobRcbRobLibRobRebRcbRgbLebLobLobLebRebLobLobR
obLebLobRebLsbRsbRobLobLebRsbLobLjbLhbLobRobRobRobLobLobRhbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 41; Drug: Control Apo low
bLcbLibRcbLsbRgbRsbRibLjbRhb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 42; Drug: Control Apo low
bRebRgbRob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 43; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbRsbLsbRsbRsbLgbLsbRgbLsbRsbLsbLsbLsbRsbRgbRgbLsbRsbLsbRsbRgbRsbRgb
LgbLsbLsbRgbRsbRgbRsbLsbsbRsbRsbRsbRsbLsbRgbRsLsbRsLsbRibLsbRgbRsbLsbL
sLgbRoRsmbRsbRibLsLibRsbLoRsbRsRsmbRgbLgbRsbRsRsmbRsbLsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 44; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbLsbsbLgbLsLsmbsbLgRsbLsbLsbLsbRsbLsRsbLgRsbRsbLsRsbLsbLobLibLoRsbL
sbLsbLibLsbLgbLgLsbLgbLsbsbLgbLsbLgbsbLsbLsbLsLsRsmbLsbLsbLgbLsRhbLsbR
sbRsRsRsmmbLsbRsbLsbsbRgbRiRsRgLsmbLsbsbRsRsRsmmbRsbLsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 45; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRgbRsRsmbRsbRobLcRsbLgbLsLgbLgbLgbLgLsbLsbLgbLsbLgLsbLgbsbLibRsRsRsmm
bLgbRsbLgbLgbRsbLgbLsbLgbLsLsmbLgbLsbLsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 46; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbLoRsLsLsmbRsbLgRsbLsbLgbLsbLgbLiLsbLibLcbRjbLobRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 47; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsRsRsmmbRsbsbsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151415; End: 151915;
Recording: 7-1; Individual: 48; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbRsbsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 1; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 2; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRgbRsbRsbRjbRcbRobRsRsmbLsbRgbLsbRgbRsbRcbRgRebRsbRsbRiRsmbRgbRsbRsbR
ibLsbLgbRibLsbRibLsbLsbLsbLsLsmbRibLgbRoLsbLibRsLsbRsbRgbRsbRgbRsRsmbR
gbLsbRgbLsbRsbRgbRgbLsbRgbRsbRgbRsbRgbRgbRsbRgbRsbRsbRgbRsRsmbRsbRgbRs
bRgbRgbRibRsbLsbRsbRsbLobRgLsbRsRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 3; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRhbLcbRcLsbRgbLsbRgbRgbLsbLsbRgbLsbRgbRjRsmbRjbLebRgbLhbLgbLjbRibRibR
gbLobRcbLsbLsbLsbLsLsmbRgbRobsbRgbRgbLhbLhbRsbRsbLibLsbLgbRjbRoLsbRcbR
hbRsbLibRsLsbRsbRgbRcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 4; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRobLsbLsLsmbLsLsRsRsmmbLsbLgbRsbLsbRgbLibRobLcbRibR
ibRiRsmbRsRsmbRgbLgLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 5; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLebRebLebRibRebRobLcbLobLgbRobRebLebLjbRebLobRebRobRibRobLebRobRebLgb
LebLobRebRobRebRobRobRebLjbLebRebRsbRebRobRebLebLebLebLcbRebRibRgbRsbL
cbLobRobRobLcbRebRcbLgbLgbRcbRcbRcbLgbRhbLcbLebRibRebRibRcbRcbLibLebLo
bRebLhbLebLebLhbLobLobLobLobLebLobRebLebLjbLgbLibRibRebLebRebLgbRgbRcb
RibRgbLobRebRebLjbLebRsbRebRebRhbRcbLsbLcbRobRebRebLcbRobRebLsbLebRebR
obLsbLobRcbRhbLibLobRsbRebRsbLebRobRobLobRobLebLobLcbRebLgbRebLsbLobLo
bRcbLebRgbLebLebRobLobLobRebRebLebLebLebRobLebRobLebLebLebRebRobLebRob
LobRibRobRobRebLebLebRobRobRebRcbLibRebLobRobRobLebLgbRebRcbRhbRcbLobL
ebLobLebRobRebLobLebLcbLobLhbLebRgbRobLobRobRibRgbLibLebLobRcbRgbRcbRg
bLsbLebRobLebLobRgbLsbRcbLobLobLebLhbLcbLebRebLobRobRcbLcbLebLobLibLib
RobLobRebRebRobRibRcbLgbLgbLebRcbRobRebRibLobRibLcbLjbRcbLgbRcbRobLgbL
jbLobLcbLibLobLobLebLobLobRcbRebLcbRibLsbLebLibLebLsbLobLibLobLibLcbRc
bRobRcbLebRobRobLobLgbLcbRsbLcbLobLcbLgbLebLobLebLjbLobRebRsbRgbRebRob
LebRcbLebRebRebRsbRobRebRsbRsbLsbRhbLebRjbLhbLgbLebLobRebLibLcbRebLobR
obLibRcbLebRebRgbRgbLcbRebRjbRhbLobLsbLibLobRebRobLcbRebRibRebRobLobLo
bRcbLebLobRibRsbLobRebRobLebLsbRobLobRobLsbLebLobRebLebRebRebRobRjbRib
LebLgbRcbRobRcbRebRebLobRcbRobRcbLibRcbRebLobRibRgbLgbLobRcbRobRcbLsbR
obRebLibLobLgbRobLibLibRsbLebLcbRobLibLobLebRcbRebLcbRgbRobRobRobLebLe
bRobRsbRobLobRebLgbRebRgbLhbLebLebRobLobLibRebRcbLibLobLebRebRobRebRob
LobLebLebLebRebLibLebLobRobRebRcbRobLibLobLebLibRebRebLebRobLsbLobRebL
sbRebLebRebLebRsbLebLobLibLobLcbRibLebRebLgbLobLobRobLebRcbLcbRebLobRo
bLobRobRsbRcbLibLobLebRebRobLibRgbRobLobRcbLibRobLobRebRibRjbRobLobLeb
LobLebRebLcbRobLebLsbRebLobLsbLobLcbLobRsbRgbLjbLobRebRibRebRsbLsbRobL
obLobRsbRsbLobLebRgbRebRebRobLgbLgbRebLibRebRebRsbRebLobLibRobRebLibRo
bLobRsbLcbLsbLobRgbRcbRobRibLebLcbRebRcbRgbLsbLebLsbLobLobRebRebRebLob
LsbRhbLcbRobRjbLebLobLebRebRebLobLebRibRebLhbRobRobRobLobRobLebLebLibR
ebRibLebLcbLsbLobLsbLgbLebLebLcbRobLibRibRobRsbRibLsbRebRebRebLobRcbLc
bLebLhbLebRobRcbLgbRebRibLobRsbRobLebLcbLobLgbRsbRebRobLobLobRebRebLeb
LcbLobLobRibLgbLgbLjbRobLebLebRobLobLebLobLsbRebRobRgbRgbRobLcbLobRgbR
obLjbLgbRobLobLebRsbRgbLebRibRebRobLebRebLobRhb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 6; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRibLgbLgbRcLsbLibLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 7; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsbsbLsbLsLsmbRsRsmbLgbLgbRgbLsbsbRsbLsbsbRsbRiLsRsbRcLsbsbLsLgbLsLsm
bLsLsLsmmbLcLsLsmmbLcLsmbLsbLsLsLsLsmmmbRsbsbRgRsmbRjbLsbLsLsLsmmbLsbs
bsbRgbRsbsbLsRsLsLsmbLiRsRsmbRebLsbsbRsRsmbRsLsLsLsmmbLcLsmbLsbRibsbRs
RsmbRsbRsbRsLsRsbRsbLsbsbsbRsbLeLsbRsRsmbRsRsmbsbsbsbLjbRsbsbLsbsbsbRs
bRsbLsbRsLsbLsRsbRsbsbLsRsbRsRsmbLjbRgbsbsbRsbRsRgbRcbRsRsmbRjbsbRgbsb
LsRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 8; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsRsRsmmbRgbRsbLsRsbRsRebLsbRibRsbLsbRsbLsbRsbRsbRsLsRsbRsRgLsRsbRgbR
sbRsLsbRsbRsbRgbRsbLsbLsbLsbLsRsbRsRsmbLsRsbLsbRgbRsbsbRsbRsbRsRsRsmmb
RsRsRsmmbRgbRsbRiLgbRsbLsbLgLsbRsbRsRsRsRsRsmmmmbsbsbRsbRsbsbRsbRsLsbL
sbRsbLgbLsRsLsbRsRgbLsLsmbLsRsbLgbLsLsLsLsLsRsmmmmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 9; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 10; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsbLsRsbLebRobRsbLsbRobLsbRibLhbLcbRobLsbLcbLsbLsbLsLsmbLgbLsbRibRsLg
bLgbRibLgbLgLsbLsRsbLibLgbLsLsmbLgbLgRsbRgbLibLgRsbLsLsLsmmbLgbLsLsmbL
sLsLsRsRsmmmbLgbLebLgLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 11; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRgbRsbRsbRsRsmbRgbRobRiRsmbLgbLgbRsbRsRsmbRsLiLsbRsbRsbRebRibRsbRsbRs
bRgbRgRsmbRsbRgbRsbLsbLsbRsbRibRsbsbLsbLsLsmbLibRebRibLsbRgRsmbRsbRgbs
bRjbRsbRgbRiRsmbLsbsbRsbRiRsmbRsbRgbRibLjbsbLcRsbRebRiRsRsmmbRibRsbsbR
sbRsbRsRgbRsRsmbLsRsbRcbRiRsmbLsbRsbLcbRsbLeRsbLcbLibLsLsmbLgLsbLgLsbL
sbLsLsLsmmbLsLsmbRsRsLsLsmmbLsLsLsmmbLiRsbRjbRcbRsbRgbRsbRgbRsRsRsmmbR
gbRgRsmbRiRsmbLcbLibsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 12; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRebRibRsbRsbLjbsbsbsbsbsbsbRsbsbsbRsbsbsbsbsbsbsbRsbsbsbRsRsmbRsLsbLs
RsRsLsmbRsbRsLsLsRsmbsbRsRsRsLsmmbLsbLsbRsbsbsbsbLsbRcRsmbRgbRiRsRsmmb
RebRsRsRsmmbLoRsbRsbsbRsLsbLsbLsbRsbLsbLsbRsLsbRsRsmbsbsbsbsbsbRsbRsbs
bRsRsRsmmbRgbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 13; Drug: Control Apo low
bRjLsbRcbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 14; Drug: Control Apo low
bLsbRsbLibLgRsLgbLobRsRobRiRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 15; Drug: Control Apo low
bRgbRsbRcbRhbRhRsmbRob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 16; Drug: Control Apo low
bLcbLibLcbLgLsbLcbLiLsbLgbLgbLsRsbLsbLsbRobLhbLcRsRsmbLobLoRsbLgbLibLs
bLoLiRsbLgRsbLcRsbRob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 17; Drug: Control Apo low
bLibLhbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 18; Drug: Control Apo low
bLcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 19; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsLsmbsbsbLsbLsbRsbLgbLsbRobLsbLgRsRsmbRgbRgbRsRsmbLibRsbRsRsmbRhLsbL
sbLsbLgbLgLsbLgbLsLsmbLsbLibLgLsbLgbLsbLgRsbLgbLsbRsRsLsmbRsbRsRsmbRsb
RsbRsLsLsmbRsbLsbLsLsmbRsbRsbRsbRsRsmbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 20; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbRgbRgbRsRsmbRgbRsRsmbRsbRsbRsbRgRsmbLgbLsbsbsbLsbsbsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 21; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbLsbLsbRsbsbRsbsbRsbsbRsbRgbRsbRsRsmbRsbLsRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 22; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLebRobRoRsmbRsbRjRgbRgLsbRobLgbRsLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 23; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbRsbRsRsmbRsRsRsmmbRgbRsbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 24; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLgbRsbRsbsbRsbLsbLsbRsbLsbLebRcRsmbsbsbRsbRsbLsbLiRsRsmbLjLsmbLgbRoLs
Rsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 25; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRibLhbRgbLobRgRsmbLjbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 26; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 27; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRhbLhbRiLsbRgbLgbLgbRsbLsbLsbRgbLgbRibLsbRgbRgbRsbLibLgbRgbLcRsLcLsmb
LsbLgLsbLgLsbLgbLgbLgLsbsbLgbRibRgbLcbLgbLsbLoLsmbRcbRhbLjbLcbLhbLibLg
bLgbLgbLgbRsbLibLsbRibRibLsbLgbLgbLsbLgbRib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 28; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLhbRsbLsbRsRsmbLhbRsbRsRibLsLgbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 29; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRgbRgbRgbRsbRsbRgbRgbRsbsbsbRsbsbRsbLgRsRsmbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 30; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bsbRsbRsbsbsbsbLsbLsbLsbsbLsbLsRsRsRsmmbLsLsRsRjmbRsbRsbReLsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 31; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRobLibRebRcbRobRibRibRebLobLobRgbLebRhbLgbRebRgbRebLebRcbRebLebLibLeb
LgbLobLcbLebRcbRobRgbLcbLgbLibRobRobRebRebRebRhbLobRibLobLebLebLsbRgbR
gbRobLibRebRcbRobRobLcbRibRobRobRebLebRcbLibRcbRobLebRibRibRobRobLobRh
bRebRobLebRebRcbLobLcbLsbLobLobLobLcbLebRebLobRcbLebRebLobRobLgbRobReb
LibRobRibLcbRobRjbLobLobRgbRibRebRobLebRobRobRebRebLcbRhbLibLobLobLgbL
obLobRebRobLcbLobRcbRebRobLobLebLgbRibLebRobRobRcbLsbLebLibRebRobRobLo
bLebLibLebLjbRebLobRsbLibLibLebRobLebRobRebLibLhbRebLebRgbLcbLebRebRib
LobLgbLebRobRebRcbRcbRibRobRobLobLobRobLcbRgbLcbLobLhbLibLgbRobRcbRcbL
cbRobRcbRebLobLcbLcbLobLobLhbRebLcbLgbRebLebLobLcbRcbLobRobLobLobLebLc
bLcbLebLcbLgbLebRsbLobLibRebLcbLobLebLobRobLebRcbLibRobRobLobLobLcbLib
RebLobRobRobRcbRcbRobLobLgbLebRcbRgbRobLobRgbRgbRcbRsbLibRobLobLebRsbL
ibRsbRobLebRobRobRobLobRobRcbLibRobRebLobLobLebLgbLebRobLebRobRcbRobRi
bLobRcbRebLgbRsbRebLhbLobRcbRobLobLobRebLebRobRebLgbLebRobRgbLibLobRob
LobLebRibLobRobRebRobRebLcbRebRgbRcbRobLebLgbLgbLobRebRcbRsbLibRsbRobR
obRgbRobRebLcbRobRibLebRgbLobLgbLebRobRgbLebLibRobRebLcbLsbLobRobRgbLo
bLsbRsbLobLebLebRebLcbRobRcbLobRgbRebLibLobLobRobLibLebRgbRebLgbRcbReb
RobRebRobRcbLobLebRgbRcbRebRcbLebRebLcbRebLgbLobRhbRobLcbLobLobRhbRebR
ebRgbLobLcbRhbLebRhbLebRcbRcbLobLgbLobLobLobRebLcbRcbLebLebLobRebLobRc
bLcbRobLebLobRebLobLobRobLobLobRibLebLobLobRebRibRobLibRobRobRgbLcbLcb
RobRibRobLobLobLobLebRebRcbLobLcbRibRcbLobRobLcbLebLgbRcbRobLcbLebLcbL
hbRcbLobRobRsbLebRobRobLsbLobLhbLgbRcbRobRobLobLebLobLhbRobLcbLgbRcbLo
bLebLebLgbRcbLobLgbRcbLebRobLcbLsbLobLcbLobRebRobRobRibLebLebRobRebRgb
RibRobLcbRobRobRibRcbLobLhbLcbRobRobLibRobLcbLgbRcbRobRobLebLhbRebRobL
obLobRobLebRgbLobRcbRcbLibRobLebLcbRebLobRobRebRibLebRobLebRobRobLsbLo
bRhbLobLobLobRcbRobRobRebRobLgbRibRebRobLhbRebRobRebRebRgbRobLobRobLeb
RsbLebRibLebRibRhbLebLcbLobLobRobLobRgbLobRsbLcbLebRcbRsbRobRhbLcbRobL
cbLcbRibRobLcbLcbRebLobLibRcbLebLebRebLsbRobLobLcbLibRobRcbLcbRobLebLe
bLebRebLobLhbLgbLebRhbRebRcbLebLebRobLcbLebRcbLsbLibLobLobLebLcbLebLob
RobLobRebLebLibRobLobRcbRebRcbLobLjbLcbLhbRebRebLibLibRobRobRsbLsbLcbR
ibLebRebLcbRcbRebRebRobRebLobLibLebLebLobLcbRebRcbLobRobRhbLobRhbRcbLo
bRcbRobLebLcbRcbLcbLobLibLobRobLcbRebLebLcbLgbLibLcbRcbRebLebLsbLobReb
RebLobLobLibLibLobLobRibLcbRibRcbLebLhbRobLcbRobRobRebLcbLobLebRcbRibR
obLibRobRobLibRcbLobLibRjbRobLobLobLcbLobLobLcbRobLebLhbRebLobRobLibLo
bRobRsbRibLebLsbLobLebRobRobLobLobLobRcbLcbRibLibRobLobRcbRgbLobLobRib
RcbRobRibLibLjbRebRibLibLibLebRebRgbRsbRobRgbLcbRcbLcbLebLobRebRgbLobL
ebRobRebLebRebLcbLebRebRhbLobRobLobRebRcbRcbLgbRobRcbRgbRobRcbLebLobLo
bRgbRobRibLebRobLcbRibLobRobRobRobRebRibRobRebRgbRebLgbLcbLobLgbLibLeb
LibLobLsbRjbRebLgbLibLobLobLobRobRebLcbLcbRobLcbRcbLcbLobLobRgbLcbRobL
jbLob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 32; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLibLsLgbLsLsmbRsbLsLsLsmmbRjRsmbLgbLgbLjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 33; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRgbRgbRgLsbRgbsbsbLibRsbLgbLcbRgRsmbRsbLjbRgRsmbLsLsmbLebLobLebRgbRgb
LcLsmbLhLsbRibRjbRibRgbRgbRiLsRsLsbRibRibRgbRgLsbRiRsmbRibsbLeLsbRcbLc
LsmbLebLeLsbLgbLsbLjbRsbRsbRsbRcbLcbLsbLobRibLsbLsLsmbRebLcbRibLsLsmbR
sLsbLibLsLgLsbLjbRsbRiRsmbRgRsmbRgRsmbRgbRjLsbRgbsbRsbLsbRibRsbLeLsLsL
smmbRobLcLsmbsbRsRsLsmbRsbsbRsbRjbRgbRgRsmbRgLsbRgbRobLsbLgbRjbRgLsbRo
bRgbRebLhLsbLsLsmbLsbRsLsbRsbLsbLcRsbLebLsLgbLiLsbLsLiLgRsRsmbRgbRsLsR
sbRibLsLsmbLsbRsLsbLibRjbRgbLhLsbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 34; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLgbLcbRebLoLsmbRcbRiLsbRibRsRsmbRgLsbLsLsRsRsLsmmbLsbLsbRsRsRsmmbRsRs
mbRgbsbsbLsbRcbRgbLsLsmbLjbRgLsbRiRsLgmbRebRhbRibLhLsLsmbLcbsbRsbReRsm
bRsLcbRsbRsLsbRgRsLsmbRgbRsbLsbRsRgbRsbRsbRgLsbRsRgRsmbRgLsbsbsbRgLsbR
gbsbsbRsLsbRsRsRsmmbRsRsLsmbRgLsbRgRsLsRsmbRgLsbRgLsbRgLsRsbLsbRsbRgRs
LsmbRjbRiLsbRgLsbRgRsmbLsbRgbRsbRsbRjbLgbRgbRobRgbRgbRjbRsRsRsmmbRsbRs
LsRsLsbLsRsbLsRobRgLsbLsLsLgmbRsRsmbLgbLibLsRsbLsLsLsLgmmbRsLgbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 35; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsLsmbLgbsbRsbLgRsbLsLhRsbLsbRsbRsbsbsbLibLsLgbLsLsRsmbLibLsLsLsLsmmm
bLsbsbLgLsLsLsmmbLsbLiLsbsbLiLsbRcbLsRsRsRsmmbRsRsLsRsmbsbRgbRgLsbRsRs
mbRibRibRgbRsRsmbRsbRsbLsLsRsmbRgbRgbRgbsbRgbRgRsmbLsRsRsmbRgbLsRsbRsb
RsbsbRgRsmbRsbRgbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 36; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRoRsRsmmbRiRsLsmbRcbRsbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 37; Drug: Control Apo low
bsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 38; Drug: Control Apo low
bLiRsbsbLcbRjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 39; Drug: Control Apo low
bLobLgLsbRcbLcRsbLgLgbLcbLcbLibLcbLcbReRsmbLsbLebLcbLebLibLgLibLcbLhbL
cb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 40; Drug: Control Apo low
bLsbLsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 41; Drug: Control Apo low
bLcRsbRsbRibLcRsbLcbLgbLibLgbLgLsLsmbLgbLsbLgLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 42; Drug: Control Apo low
bLcbLibLoLsmbRgRsmbRgRsmbRcbLobLcbLsbLsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 43; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRgbRsbLsbRsbRsbRsbRgbLobLgbLsLgbLsbLgbLsbLgbRsbLsLibLsbsbLsbLsbLsbLsb
LsbLgbLsbLgbLgbLsbLgbLsbLgbLsbRsbRsbLsbLsLsmbLgbRsbRsbLgbLgbLgbLsbLgbL
sbLsbRsLsbLsRsbLsbLsbLsRsbLsbLsbLsLsmbLsbLsbLsbLgbRsbLgLsbLsRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 44; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbLsbRsRsmbsbRsRsmbLsbsbLsbsbRsLsbRsLsbRsbsbRsRsmbLsbRsbRsLsLsmbRsRs
mbRsbRsbLsbLsRsbRsbLsRsRsRsmmbLsbsbLsbRsbsbLsbLsbLsbsbsbsbsbsbsbLsbsbR
sbLsRsbLsbLsbLsRsbRgRsmbLsbRsRsmbRgbLsbsbRsRsmbRsbLsbRsLsRsbRsbLsbRsbR
sbsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 45; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbLgRsbLgbLoRsbLsbLgRsbRoLsLsmbRsRsmbLsbRsbsbRsbRsbsbRsbLsRsbRsbRsbR
gRsmbLebLibLhbLgbLgbLsbLsLgRsbLsRsbLsLsmbLhb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 46; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLhb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 47; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbsbRsRsmbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 151916; End: 152416;
Recording: 8-1; Individual: 48; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLiLibLgLsbLsbLsbLgbLsbLgbLsbLgbLsbLsbLibLsLsmbLibLsRsbLsLsmbLgbLgbLsb
Lsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 1; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 2; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsRsmbRsbRibRsRsmbRsbRsbLsbRsbRsbLsbLsbLsbRsbRsbRsbRibLeLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 3; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRibLoRsbRgbRgLsbLgbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLgbLsbLgbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLgbRsRsmbRs
bLjRgbRibLgRsbLgbLsbLgbRiLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 4; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRgRsRsmmbRsbLsRsRsmbLsbsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 5; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRobRcbRibLcbRobLcbLcbRobLebLgbLobLcbRobRobLobLobLcbRebLgbRebLobRobRob
LobRobLebLibLobLobLhbLobLobRobRebLibRebLobLcbRebLibLibLjbRobRebLsbRobL
obRsbRcbRjbLebRobRobRsbRhbLibRobRobRcbRibRebLibRobRgbLobLobRibLibRebRi
bRobLobLcbRsbLcbLhbRgbLobRebLibRebLebLcbRebLibLgbLhbLebRebLobRsbRobLeb
LebLgbLcbLcbLcbLgbRibLobRsbRobRobLobLcbRgbRobLcbLsbRgbLsbLcbLebLebRgbL
gbLebRobRibRsbLobRcbRibLebRebRobRjbRobRcbRobRcbLobLobLebRjbLebRebRobRe
bRcbRobLebRibLobRebLobRebLebRobLobLobLcbLobRcbLcbLcbRsbRebLsbLobLgbLob
RobRobLebRebRebRebLcbRobRebLibLjbRsbRcbLebRebLcbLobLobLobRobLibRobLebR
cbLobRebLebLebLobLobRsbRcbRibRobLsbRobLgbRcbRibLebLobLibRobRebRobRsbLc
bLebLsbLebLibRebRebLcbRibLgbLobLobLjbRsbRobRebRobRebRebLebLgbLebLebRjb
LobLobLibRobRobLebRobRcbRhbLcbRcbLjbRobRibLobRebLobRcbRebRcbRebRobRebL
ebRgbRobLcbRebRibLgbRobRebRebRebRebRgbRcbRebRebLobRobRobLebRobLebLgbLc
bRcbLebRobRgbRobLebRsbRhbLebLgbLobLebLcbRebLobLibRcbLobRebLhbLebLobLob
RibRcbRebLhbRebLjbLibLobLebRobLebRebRobRebLcbLobLibLibRsbRibRgbRsbRhbL
obLebLebRebRobLsbRsbLobLobRobLobRsbRgbRobLebRsbLcbLobLebRebLebLobLgbRc
bRcbRebRhbLhbLcbRobLibLobLebLebLebRobLebLebRgbLobRebRcbRobLhbRebRobLob
RgbLibRebRsbRhbLobRebLobRobLobRebLcbRcbLobLobLebLobRebRobLebLsbLobLcbR
obLibLcbLjbRobRobLobLobRobRgbLobLebRebRobLcbRibRobLebLcbRibRjbRgbRebRe
bLcbLebRgbRcbLebLobRgbLobRebRebRsbLobRcbRobRibLobRebLsbRobRsbRobLcbLcb
RobLobRsbRsbRobRebRebLobLcbLebRibRobRebLgbLsbRobLobRcbRgbRobRebLcbLobL
obLobRgbLebRcbLibLebRcbRebLebLsbLebLcbRebRobRebLgbRobLobRobRebRobLobLc
bRebRobLobRebRjbRebLsbLobLibRcbRcbLgbLobLebLgbLobRebLobLibRobRebRcbRhb
RsbLebLobLsbRebRobLebRobRebLibRcbLibRcbLibLobRgbRebRobLobLobLobRobLobL
cbRebLibLobRebLgbLebLebLebRebRebRobRebRsbRobLibRebLebRebRcbRsbRobLsbLc
bLebLebLgbLobRebLcbRobLsbLcbRgbLobLebRgbRobLebLibRobLjbRgbRibLibLcbLeb
RcbLebLibLobRgbRebRgbLobRobLebRobLgbRobRhbRobLsbLobRobLgbLgbLobRebLcbL
cbLgbRobLgbRebLebRebLebRebRobRebRobRebRebLobRgbLobLjbRebRsbLebLjbLgbRe
bLcbRebRebRobLcbRobLhbLebLcbLebLibRebRobRebLibLobLobLobRcbRgbLebRobReb
LobRebRhbLobLcbRsbLebRcbRjbLcbRobRgbLebLebLsbRobRcbLobLebLebLgbRebRebL
obRgbRebLobLobLobLibLobLibLibRebLgbLobLcbRebLebLsbLgbRebRebRebRebRebRc
bRebLibLibRobLebLcbRobRebLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 6; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 7; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRgLgbRgbRsbsbLsbRsbRsRsmbsbRjLgbsbLsbsbsbRsbLsLsmbLsbsbsbRsbLjbRhLsbL
sbRsbLsbRsbRsLsbRsLsRsbRsbRsbsbsbRjLsRsLsbRsbRsbRsLsLsmbLsLsmbsbLsLsmb
RsbLsbRsRsmbRsbsbRjLsbsbsbRsbLgbLsbLsbLsbsbRiLsbsbsbsbRsLsbRgbsbsbsbRg
bRsbsbLsbLsbLsRsbRsRibsbRsbRsRsmbLsbLsbLsbRgbRsRsmbRsbsbsbRsRsmbRgbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 8; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsLsLgLgmbLsLsmbLsbsbLsbRsLgbRsbLsRsLsbRsRsRsmmbLebLibRjbLebRgbRgbRsb
RsLsbRgRsRsRcmmbRsRsRsmmbRjRsmbRgRsmbRiRsRsmmbLsbRobsbRsbLsRsRsRsmmbLs
bLsbRsbsbLsbLsbLsbsbLsbsbsbLsRsbLsLsRsRsmmbsbRjbRsRgRsmbRgbRgRsmbLsRgb
RgbRsbRgbRgbRgbRgRsmbLsRgRsmbLsLsLsRsLsmmbRsbRsbRibRgRsmbRsbRsLsRsbRsL
sbRsRsRsRsmmmbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbLgbRsRsRsmmbRgbRiRsmbLgRiRsmbRibRebLebLob
RebRgLsbRebRsbRoLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 9; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 10; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLjRsbLgbsbRsbLsRsRsmbsbRsLsbReRsmbRobRsbLsbLsbLgbLibLgbRgbLjbLgbLibLi
bRgbReLsbRgRsmbLgbLibLsLsmbLsbLibRgbLhRsRsmbLiRsbLhRsbRsbLibRjRsmbReRs
mbLsbLjLgbLsbLgbLgbLgLsLsmbLgbLgRsbLibLsbLibRsbLsbLsbLiLsbReRsmbLsLgbL
sRsLsbLgbLgbLgbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 11; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLgbLgbLsLsLsmmbLsbLsLsmbRsbLgLsLsmbRsbLgbLsbLgLsbLgbLibRibRsbRgRsmbRs
bRgRsmbRsRsRsmmbRsbRsRsmbRgbRsRsmbRgRgbRsRsmbRgbRibLibLcbLsLsmbLibRsbR
sbLsLgLsbLgbLsbRebLsRsLsbRibsbRsbRsbRsRsmbRiRsmbLsRsbRgRsmbRsRsmbRgbRg
RsmbRgRsmbRgbLsRsbRsRsRsmmbRgbRsbRgbRgRsRsmmbRgbRsbRgRsmbRsbRsbLsRsbRs
RsRsmmbLiLsbLgbRsbLibLjbRcbsbsbRiRsmbRsRsmbRgRsLsmbRibRsbRsbRsbRsbRibR
cRsmbRgbRsbRgbRsRsmbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 12; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsbRsRsmbRsbLsbLgbLgbsbRsbLibLsLcbLgRsbLiLsbRjRsmbRcRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 13; Drug: Control Apo low
bLgbLgbLsLsmbLsbRsbLsbLgbLibRobRobLibLibLibRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 14; Drug: Control Apo low
bRibRcbRgbRgLsbRgbRjbRibRiRsmbRibRgRsmbRgbRgbRgbRiLsbRgbRsbRsbRsbRgbRs
RsmbRgbRsbLhbRgbRgbRgbRgbRgbLcRsbRgRsmbRgRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 15; Drug: Control Apo low
bLsbRsRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 16; Drug: Control Apo low
bLobLobLgbLsbLcbLibLhbLgbLcRsbRsbLsbRibLibLsbLoRsbLcRsbLhbLibLcbLsRsbL
sbLiRsbRsbLjbLibLobLobLsbsbLjbLsRsbLsbLgbLhbRobLsbLsLsmbLsbLsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 17; Drug: Control Apo low
bLgbLsbLjLgbLiRsbRibRsbLsbLibRsbLibRsbRsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 18; Drug: Control Apo low
bRsbRobRobLobRebLobLebLibRebRjbLgbRobLcbRebLobRgbRsbRjbRobLsbLobRobLjb
RobRobLobLibRobLebRobRgbLobRobRebRebLobRgbRjbRobRebLobRsbRobLgbLibRebL
sbRobLebRcbLobLgbRibRobRobRibRobLhbRsbRcbLebLcbLobLobLobRibLobRobRcbLc
bLobRebLebRebLobLobLobLobRobLobRebRobRcbRobLjbLsbRcbLsbRobLobLjbRobRsb
RobLsbRobLcbLjbRebLobRebRobLobRgbLobLjbLsbLobLobLgbLcbLgbRsbRobRgbLebR
obLjbRebLobRebLibRcbLobLjbLobRobLebRobLsbLcbLjbRcbLjbLjbLgbRobLebLcbRi
bRibLebLjbRobRcbLsbRobRcbRgbRebRcbLobLobLibRobRebRcbRhbRebRgbRobRibRob
RebRobRobLcbLgbRobRhbRibLobLobLobRebRebRcbRgbRobLebLsbLsbRcbRgbRobLsbR
ebRobLobLebLobLjbLgbLobRobLobRobLobRebLobLcbRobLcbLebRobLebLcbRobRebLe
bLobRgbLsbLibRebLebRhbRebRebLebLhbRobLibLjbLsbLcbRobRobRgbRcbRgbRobRob
RebLebRcbRebRcbRobLobRebLobRsbLsbRebRebRcbRcbRobRobRsbLobLcbLobRobRobR
hbLebLgbRobLjbLcbRobRobRobLobRsbRibLcbRjbLobLjbLsbRjbRjbRebLebLcbLgbRj
bRobRjbLjbRobLsbRsbRsbRobLgbRebLebLobLjbLobRobRebRobRebLgbLobLobLibLob
LobLobRgbRobRobRobLgbRobLebLobLobRobLibRibRsbLebRgbLebLsbLebLibLcbRibR
ebRobLobRgbRgbLobLobRcbLsbRjbRobRobLcbRobLobRobRcbLcbRobLebLcbRcbLebLo
bRcbLcbRibLjbLobLcbRobRebRobRobRgbRjbRobRobLebRobRobLobLgbLobLobLebLeb
LsbLcbRobRebRcbLjbLobRebRebLobLobRsbLcbRebRcbRjbLobRjbRjbRcbRsbLjbLcbL
ebLgbRcbRobRcbLebRebRobLcbRobLjbRebLhbLsbLsbRsbRcbRebLobRebRebLebLobRj
bLcbLcbLobLobLjbRcbLebRsbRjbRgbRjbLobLebRcbLsbLibRgbRobRcbRcbRobLebLcb
RibRebRobLcbLhbRebLibRcbRobRobRcbRobLobLebLobRebRcbRebRgbLobRebRebLcbR
cbLobRsbRobRcbRobLobLcbRobRobLobLobRjbRjbRobLobLebRobLebRobLsbLobLcbRg
bRobLgbRebRobRobLobRebRebRebRibRobRsbLobLcbLgbRebRebLobRobRobLgbLgbLeb
RcbRgbLebRobLcbRcbRgbLibLobLobRsbLjbLgbRebRobRcbRebRjbRobRjbRebRobLsbR
ebRobLcbLibRgbRobRobRcbLebLsbRebLhbRobLcbLobRobRobLebRobLobLsbRcbRobLj
bRcbRebRobLgbLgbRobLjbLibRebLobRebRjbRobRcbRobLhbRebRobRibRcbRobRobRob
RebLgbLobLcbRibRebLgbRebRjbRibRjbRobLjbLebLebRcbRebRhbLobLebLsbLjbLebL
cbLjbLobRcbRobLebRhbLobLobLcbLcbLobLebRobRcbRcbLobLcbRebRgbLobRobLgbLo
bRcbRobRobLhbRobLibRobLcbLobRcbLcbRebLobRebRobRibRobRobLcbLcbLcbLibRob
RobLobRsbRobLobRibLebLhbLobLobRcbLobLibLobRebLhbLhbLgbLebRobRebLibLobL
ebRebLcbRibRobLcbLebLobLobLebLgbLebRgbRgbRebLobLcbRebRcbRcbLobRobLebLc
bRobRebRobRcbRcbRobRsbLibLobLjbRebLjbLebLobLcbLebLobRebLebLebRobLgbRob
LebLoLsmbRjbLibRibRibRobLjbRobRobLebLobLsbRibLobLebLgbRobRobRobLebLobL
obLebLobRobLobLgbLibLobLcbRebLebLobLobRebLobRebRobLobRebRcbRebRobLcbLj
bRjbLsbLebRibRebLobRibRebRobRhbLobRebRobRobRobRcbRibLsbLjbLjbLobRebRsb
RgbLhbLcbRib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 19; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbLgRsRsmbsbRgbLsbRib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 20; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsLsbsbsbsbsbsbsbRsbsbsbsbsbRgbRgbRjRsRsmmbsbRsbLsbsbLsbRibLsRsbLsbRg
bRoRsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 21; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsLsRsmbRsbRsbLsbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 22; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLibRobsbsbLsbLsbRgbLibLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 23; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRebRsbLhRsbLjLsmbLsbLsRsbRgbLsbLgLsbLobRsbLjLsmbLjbRjbLibLgbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 24; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRoRsmbRibRsRsRsRsmmmbLsbLgRsbsbLsLsmbRsRsmbsbReRhbLgbLsLsmbLjbLsbRgbR
gbLgbLsbsbLsLsmbLobLgbLgbRsbsbsbLsLsmbLsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 25; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLgbLobLiLsbRsbLsLsmbLgbLsbLgbLgbRsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbRobLhbRobLhbLsbLgbL
gbLsbLsbLsbLsbLgbLsbLgRsRsmbRsbLobLibsbLsbLsLsmbLhbRibLibRhbLcbRcbLibR
jb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 26; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLebRobLebRhbRobRjbRjbLebRobLobRebRobLobRebRobLcbRobRobLobRibLobLebRob
RebLobLebRsbLobLobLobRsbLibRcbRobRobRibLgbLcbRobRibLobRebLobRcbLobRcbL
sbLobLobRobLebLibLcbRobLibRibRgbLebRebRobRcbRsbLobRobRobRobLobLgbLebLo
bLobRobRobRobLobRsbLebLibRobLobRobLjbRobRcbLcbLibLebLobRcbLobLobLibLob
RcbRebRebRsbRhbLobLobRobLhbRebRcbRcbRibLebRebLobLcbLjbLobLobLsbLjbRobL
obLsbLgbLobLcbLobLebLobLsbLobRobRobRebLobLcbLobRobLsbLgbRebLobLobRcbLc
bLsbLcbLobLibRibLcbLobLcbLgbLebLgbRebLobLcbLcbLobRebRcbLsbRebRebLebRcb
RebLgbRebLebLcbRebLgbLobRcbLcbRobLobRebLibLobRobLcbRebLobRcbLebRebRcbR
jbRsbLobRjbRobRebRsbRebRebRcbRobLobLobLobLobLobRobRibRebLcbLibRgbRobLc
bRobRcbLebLobLebLcbLebRebRcbRjbLcbLebRibRobLebLobRcbRebLcbRobRobRebReb
LgbRobLebLibLgbLhbRobLobRobRebRibRobLebLebRobLgbLgbRobRobRsbLebRobLobL
ebRebLcbLobRibLcbLebLsbRsbRobRobLobRcbLibLcbRobRebLcbRcbLobRebRebLibLo
bRobRobLgbRobLibRobLobRobLebRobRobRcbLobRobLcbLobLobLibLebLobRgbRgbRgb
RcbLebRgbRcbLobLsbLobLcbRebLsbRobLobLcbRgbRobRebRebRobRibLebLcbRobRcbL
jbRcbLebLobLobRobRobLebRobRobRobRebRebRebRebRebLobRobLcbRgbLcbRebRebRo
bRibRebRobLgbLebRgbRobLebRcbLobLibRebRebRobLcbRobLcbRobRobLcbLsbRcbLob
LobRobLebRsbLibLcbLebLibRebRobRibRgbRobRobLobRobRebLebRobRgbLebRobLibL
ebRobLebLobRobLebLebRcbLcbRobRsbLibLebLobRobRgbRebRobRibRobRobRobRobRo
bRebRhbRibRobRobRobRgbLobLobLgbLibLebRcbLsbLsbRebLcbLibLobRobRobLcbLeb
LcbRcbLebLobLobLobRgbRobRobRcbLobLsbLibRobLhbRobLhbLcbLebRcbLobRcbRobL
ebLcbRebLibLcbRobRebRcbRcbRcbLobLobLobRobLobRsbRebRcbLibRcbLebLebRgbLh
bRobLebRibLobLobRibLobLcbRgbLobRebLhbLibLebRobRcbLobLobRibRgbLcbRobRob
LobLhbRebRcbLcbLebRcbLcbRobLgbRobRcbLobLobRgbRibLobLobRgbRobRcbRebRobL
obRebLobLebLsbRcbLobRcbLcbRobLobLebLobRobRebRcbRobLobRcbRibLobRebRebRh
bLobLobRebLobRobLobLebLsbRebLobRgbLcbLebLcbRebLcbLibLebRgbRebLobLebRob
LobLsbLebRobRobRibLobLgbLobRobLobRcbLcbLobRobRebLobLebRobLebRhbLgbRobR
ibLobLcbLobLobLibLobRcbLobLsbRobRcbRebLobRebLcbRebLobRobRobLebLebRgbLc
bLobLcbLobRebRebRebRobLsbRibRobRcbRcbLibRobLobLobRobRebRgbRgbRebRcbRob
RobLobRgbLgbRhbLobLgbRobLcbLsbRebLebLobRobLcbRebLobRcbRgbRobLobLcbRcbL
obRobLibRcbLobLhbLcbLebLobLobRobRebLobLcbLobLibLobLobLobLgbRebRgbLobRo
bLobRibLobRcbRobLebLobLibRcbLcbLsbLgbLobRobRobRobLobRobRhbRcbLobRobLob
LobLobRobRhbRibLcbLebLobRobLobLobLobRebRibLobLcbRsbRcbRobRibRibRgbLobL
obRobRebLcbLobRobLobLebLobRsbRobLobRobLebRobLobRcbLobLobRebRebRhbLebRo
bRobLibRebRobRobLibRobRobLobLibRcbRobRcbRobRobLobLcbLobLobLobRobRebLcb
RobLebLobRobRhbRebLebRcbRobLebRibRobLebRobRcbRgbLebLobLhbLobLcbLobLobR
ibRsbLobLobLobRebLgbLebRobLobRobLsbLcbRebLgbRebLcbLgbRebRcbRebRobLobLe
bRcbLgbRibLobRcbLobRsbLobLobRcbRobRcbRsbRgbRebLebLobRebLcbLsbRobRcbRob
RcbRhbLgbLobLcbRobLobRobLobLcbRobLcbRobRobLibLebRobLebRebRcbLobLgbLebL
obLobLgbRebLcbLobRgbLobRebRsbLsbLobLibRebRcbLebRebLcbLgbRobRobLobRibLo
bLsbRebLebLobLobRhbLgbRobRobRobRcbLobLobLcbRgbRebRcbLebRebLsbRsbLcbRob
LobRebRcbRebRebLebRobLcbLebRobLebLcbLgbRibLibLobRebLhbLebRebLcbLobLobL
ebLebLobRsbRcbLebLobRebLcbLhbRebLcbLebRobRebLobLgbLobLobLcbLobLcbRobRo
bRobRobLobLcbRcbRobRcbRhbLcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 27; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRibLgLsbRgbRsbRiLsbLsbLsbLoRsbLhbLgbsbLsbLsLsmbsbRsbLsbsbRsbsbLsbRsbL
ibRsRsmbLgbLsbLgbLsLsmbLgbLgbLsbLgbLgLsbRcbRibLibRsbRibLsbLsbRibLobRjb
LibRgbLcbLcbLcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 28; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRcRsmbRgbRoRsmbLcbRjbRjRsmbRhbRgbRibRibLgbLsbLsRsbLsbLgbRsRsmbRsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 29; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsRsRsRsmmmbRsbLsbRsbRsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 30; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLsLsmbRobRsbLjbLsbRjbLibRsbLsbRsbLibLsbLobRiLsbLeLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 31; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRobRobLobRcbRsbLibLobLsbLebRgbLcbLobRcbLebRobLobLobRgbRebRobRobRibRob
LebLobLobRobLsbRibRobLobLobLibRobLobRobRobRibLobLebLobLobLebRobLsbLobR
ebLobLobLcbRgbRgbLobRcbLjbRsbRhbRobRibRebRebRobRobRgbLebLobLcbRcbLobLo
bLgbLobLebLibRcbLobRebRibLebLobLobLcbLcbLobLobLobRobLobLgbRgbLobLgbLhb
RsbRsbRebLobLcbRobLsbLcbLebLebRebLobRebLcbRibLobLcbRebLobRebRebLibRebR
ebLibLebRcbRebRebLcbRebLebLobLobRobRobRebLobRobRobRcbRobRcbLobLgbRcbLe
bRcbLibLebLgbRcbLcbLibLobRobRobLebLcbLobLibRebRebLibLcbRcbLebRibRobRob
RibLcbRcbRobRsbLebLobLobRobLibLcbRebLobRobLobRebRobLebLcbLgbRcbRobRobL
obRebRobLcbLibRcbLebLebRcbLebRcbLobRgbRobRobRobRobLcbRebRobLobLcbLobLo
bLebRobRobRgbLcbLebLobRebRobLsbLobRobRgbRobRobLebLebLcbLebRobLobRibRob
RibLobRobRobLgbLibRcbRebRobRsbRobLobLebLebRobRobLebLhbRcbLobRobRebRibL
gbRcbLgbLobRibLobRobLebLcbRcbLobRobRebLebRobRobLcbLebRebLcbLcbLhbRobLc
bLobRebRobRcbRobRobLobRebLobLobLhbRobLebLobRebLobLebLebRibLebLobRebRob
RibRibLibLobLcbRobRobLebRobLgbRebRobRgbRobRjbLobLebRobLcbRebLobRgbLobR
ibRsbLobRgbLobLgbLobLobLgbLebRebLobRobLobLebLobLebRsbLebLobRcbLcbLobLo
bLibRebRobLebRobRobRsbLjbRobRcbLobRgbRobLobLcbRcbLcbLobLobLobRobLcbLob
LcbLobLobLgbLcbRobLebRobLobRcbLebRebLebLobLcbLobLobLibRgbLibRebLobRobL
obLebLobLobRebLhbRebLsbLgbRgbRobLobRebRebLebLobLebRebRibLgbLobLobRobLc
bLsbRhbRobRobRobRsbLobRobLobLcbLobLcbLcbLobRobLobRibRobRobLebLjbRsbRcb
LebLebRobLobLhbRobLebRobRcbLebLhbLobRgbLgbRobLebRcbRobLobLobRebLobLcbR
obLcbRsbRhbLgbLobRcbLebLobRebRobLobRebRobLebLcbRgbRcbRgbLebLobLobRobRg
bLobLgbLebRobRcbLebLobLobRibRobLebRobRcbLobLobRcbRgbRobRebRebLebLcbRib
LobRhbLcbLgbRebRobLsbLebLobRibRebLgbRobRobLobRobRobRcbLobRcbRebRobRobR
obRobLobRobRibRebRobRibRibLobLobRobLgbRcbLcbRcbRebRobRobLgbLebRibRobRe
bLgbRobRobRgbRebLobLebRcbRobLebRgbRhbLebRobLobRobRobLsbRobRobLobLebReb
LsbRibRobLcbRobLobRibRibLebLobRgbLgbLebLobRebRebRobLcbLobLcbRebLcbRobR
gbRebRobLsbRsbLgbLobRibLgbLobLibLcbLobRibRcbRibRcbRcbRobRebRobLobRebRo
bRobRobLhbLhbLcbLcbRebLcbRebRcbRcbLsbLibRebLobLibLobRhbRhbLobRcbRcbRob
RebLebLebRibLebRgbLgbLgbLebRobRibLobLebLobLobRebRobRobRobRibLobLsbRibR
obRobLobRobRebLcbLibLobLobLebLcbRebRebLgbRcbLobRebLgbLsbRibLcbRhbRobLo
bLobLobLcbRcbRcbRebRobLobRibRebRobRgbRobRcbLebRibLobLibLebLhbRgbRcbLgb
RsbRobRcbLhbRsbRcbLebLebLebLobRobRobRobRcbRobRebLsbLebLcbLobLibRobLibL
obLebLobLebLgbLebLgbLcbLobLcbLgbLsbLcbRobLhbRobRobRcbLgbLobRcbLobLebLg
bLobRgbLibLcbLebRibRhbLobLobRobRobRebRobRobLebRcbRebLobLobRjbLebLobReb
RcbLebLobRsbLebRebRcbLebRebRobLebRsbRebLibRebRgbRobRobLsbRcbLsbRibRjbL
cbLebRebRobRebLobLsbRebLcbRobRobRobLgbRobRobLebLcbRobLebLebRebLebLebLe
bRcbLebRebLobLebRibRobRibRobLobLobLebLobRcbLibLsbLgbRobRibRobRobLcbRob
LebLobRcbLjbLhbLcbLobLobLcbLcbLibLebRgbLobRibLcbRibLobRobRebLcbRebRobR
ebLobRibLgbLebRobRsbRobLcbRebLcbRobLcbRobRebLebLcbRcbLebLebRebRobRobRo
bLobRebLgbRebLgbLobLsbRobLhbLobLobLebRibLobLebRcbRcbRcbRobLebRibLhbLob
RobRcbRcbLcbLobRebLebLcbLobRcbRobRobRebLobRcbRgbLebLobRibRgbLebLobRobR
hbRobRebRobRobRebLcbRsbLobLobLebRibLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 32; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLcRsLsLsmbLgbRebRhRsmbLgbRsbRsLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 33; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLibLsLiLsbLgbRsbLobLibLgLsbReRsRsmmbRsbRsbRgbRibRsbLiRsLsbLebLsbRjbRs
bRjRsmbLsbLsbRgbRgbRebRgbRobRiLsbRcbLsbLoRsbRhLsbLsbRgbRgbRgbLgRsRsmbR
ibLsLsLsLsmmmbLsLsmbLsbRsbsbsbsbsbsbsbRsLsbLsbsbLgLiLsbLgbRgLgbLgbLebR
ebLebLobsbLgLsbLsLgLsLgbsbRhbRebLiLsbRjbLibLibRjbRgRsmbRgbLsbRgbsbRgbL
sbRgbRsbRgLsbLsLobLjbRibLhLsbRgbLobLsLsmbLibLgLsbRjbLsbLgbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 34; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRibRsbRsLsRsbLsLsLsmmbRgbRiRsmbRgbLgRsbLsRsRsmbRsbRibRibLiLsLsLsLsmmm
bRiRsmbRgLsLsmbRgLsLsmbLsLsmbRsLsbRgRgRsmbRsLsLsmbRsbRgbRgRsmbRsbRgbRg
bRgRsLgLsmbRgbRsLsbLsLoLsmbLibLgbLsLsmbRobRcLsbReLsbRjRgbLgbLgLsbLsbLs
bLgbRsLsbLgLsbLgLsbLgbLgLsRsbRgRsmbRjbsbRsRsRsLsmmbRgLsbLsbRsbRoLsLsmb
RgbsbLibLhbLibRiRsLsLsmmbRgRsmbRgbRgLsbRgLsbRgbRiLsbLgLsbRiRsmbsbRsRib
LsLsmbRgbsbsbRibRgLsbLsLsRsRsLsmmbRgbLsRsbRsbLgLsbRsRsmbLsLsLsmmbRgLsL
sRsmbRibRgLsLsmbRsbsbRsbRgbRibRgbRsLsRsbLsLsmbRiRsmbRgbRsRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 35; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bsbRgbRgbRsRsmbRobLjbLobRsbLsRsbLgLsbLiLsbLsbLgbRsLgbRsLsbLgbLgLsbRsRh
RsmbLgbRibRibRgbRgbRsRsmbRgbLsRsbRgbRsbRsbRsbRsbLsRsbRgbRgRsmbRgbRgRsm
bLsbRsRsmbRgbsbsbRsbRsRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 36; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsbRgRsmbRgbRobRibRhRsRsmmbRgRsmbLsbRgRsmbLsLsmbRibLibLebRibRgRsmbRgb
RgRsmbRgRsmbRgbRibLsbLcbLsLsLsmmbLsbLsbLsLebLsbLsLsLsmmbLsbRiRsmbRgbRs
bRsbLsbRgbRsbRsbRsbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 37; Drug: Control Apo low
bRgRsmbsbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 38; Drug: Control Apo low
bLibLjbRoLsbLjbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 39; Drug: Control Apo low
bLcbLcbLebLibLcbLcbLjbLcLsmbLcbLcbLcbRcbLebRjbRgLsbLibRsbLcbRiRsmbRjbL
cb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 40; Drug: Control Apo low
bLjbLjbRjbLjbLebRjbRobLobRobLsbLsbRsbLobRebRobLobLjbRobLebLobRebLobRob
LjbLobRebRebRobRebLobLjbLobRobLjbRobLobRjbLobLibLjbRobLobRebLobRobRjbL
jbRebRjbRebLebLsbRgbRjbLobRcbRobRobLobRebLjbRjbRobLebLcbLebLobRebLobRj
bRebLjbRjbRsbRebRobRobLebLobRobRobRcbLjbRobRebLobRobLsbRcbRcbLjbLebLjb
LjbRebLsbRebLcbLsbLobRobLjbLebLobRobRobRobLebRcbLobRobLebRibLjbRobLsbR
cbLobRjbRobLobRebRobRobLgbRobLebLobRhbLjbLebLcbLebLjbRsbRjbLibRcbRjbRo
bRebLobRsbRobLcbLsbRebRebLjbRsbRebLsbLgbRjbLobRjbRobLsbLibRobLsbRcbRcb
RjbLcbRobRobRibLgbRebRsbLobLebLobLobRobLebRsbLobRebLobLcbRobRcbLobRobR
cbLebLgbRcbRobRcbLobRobRobLobLcbRebRobRebLobLobRebLjbRsbLobLobLobRcbLe
bRobLgbRobRsbLobLcbLebRcbLibLebLobLobLebRibLgbRebRsbRobLebRobLobLobReb
LobRobLebLobLgbRebLjbLobLjbRjbRobLcbRobLsbRgbLsbLebLebLobRebRgbRcbLobL
sbLibLobLibLobRobLobRgbLgbRobRebLebLcbLebRobRebRebLebLobLobLobLgbLobLe
bRobRgbLibRobRebRobRobLibLobLebLobRcbLobLhbRibLobRsbRobLcbRcbRjbRobRsb
RcbLobRobLobRobRsbLcbLjbRsbRobLsbLebRcbRobRobLobLibRobRobLebRcbLcbLobR
obLebRibRcbRebLobLobRobRcbLcbLebRobLebLibRcbLobLcbLobLcbLcbLobLobRobRo
bLibLsbRibRebLibRebLibRobRobLobRgbRobRhbLebRebRcbRebRobRobLcbRebRebRhb
RgbRebRebLibLobRebRibRcbLgbRhbLobLgbRcbLcbRebRgbRobLobRebRibLobRsbRobR
cbRobRibLhbLebLcbLebRibRobRsbLebRobRsbRobRsbLebRsbLebLcbRobLobRebRobLg
bLobRobLcbRobRcbRobLibLgbLebLobLibRcbLcbRebRhbRebRobRsbLobRobLobLobReb
RsbLebLibRebRebRobLobLobRcbLobLebLobLgbLobLobLebRjbRebLebLcbLobLcbRobL
cbLebLobRibLobLjbLobLobRebLgbLsbLebLebLobRobRebRobLjbLobLcbLcbRhbLobRi
bLebRobRebLobLebLobRobLobLobRibRobLcbRcbLcbLebLibLsbLsbLebLebRebLobRgb
LgbRobRcbRibLobRgbRibLobLibRobLcbLebLobLebRobRcbLcbRobLobLobRobLjbLobL
sbRebRobLobRsbRebLgbRobLobRebRcbLebRibRobLobRobRobRibLcbLibLobLobLibRo
bLcbLobRobRebLebLcbRobRobRcbRobRobRebLhbRibRobLobRjbRhbLibLobLebRobLcb
LjbRgbLobRobRcbLobLibLebRcbLcbLcbRobLebRobLobLobRebRebRcbRobLobRebLobL
gbLcbRgbLobRibRobRobLebRebRcbRgbRcbRcbLobRobRgbLebRebRcbLebLobLebRobRo
bLobLebRobRgbLebRobRobLcbLcbLebLebLobRobLobRobRebLebRobRcbRebLebLcbLob
LsbRgbLsbLobRobRobRobRsbRibRobRcbLobRibRibLgbRcbRobLgbLgbLcbRibRobRibL
obLsbLobLgbLibLibRcbLobLobRcbRsbLcbLebRcbRobLobLsbRcbLebLsbRobRcbLobLc
bLobLhbLobLobLobLcbRobLhbRcbLcbRobLibLhbLobRcbLobLebLobLobLcbRibLibRob
LobRobRobRhbLobRobLobLgbLobRibRobLobRobLobRcbRobLebRibLobLgbLcbRcbLgbL
ebLebRobLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 41; Drug: Control Apo low
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 42; Drug: Control Apo low
bsbLobLibLgbLhbRibLobLgbLsRcbLobLcbsbRcLsRsbRsbRjbRgbRcbRoLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 43; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLgbLgRsbRsbLgbLgRsLsbRsLsbLsLsmbLgbLsbLsbLsbLsbLgLsbLsRsbLgbLgbLsbLsb
LgbLsbLsbLgRsbLgbLgbLsbLgbRsbLibLsbLsRsbRsLsbRsbLsLibLgbLsbLsbLhbLsbLg
bsbLgbLsbsbLsbLsLsmbLgbLgbLsbLgbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbsbLibLgbLsbLgLsbL
sbLiLsbLsbLgbLgbLgLsbLsbLgbLgbLsbLsbLgbLsbLgbLsbLsbLgbLob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 44; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbLsbRgbsbRcLsbLsbRsRsmbsbLgbLiRsbLcbsbsbLsbRsbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 45; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsRsmbRsbLsbLsbLgLsbLjLsLsmmbLibLsLsmbRsbLsLsmbLgLsbLiRsRsmbRoRsmbsbL
sRsbLsbRsbLsbRsbRsRsmbRgbRsRsmbRgbRsRsRsmmbRsRgLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 46; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 47; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bsbLsRsbsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152418; End: 152918;
Recording: 9-1; Individual: 48; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 1; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRgbRgbRsbLjbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 2; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsbLibLebLsRsbRsbLsbLsbLgbRgbLsbLsbLsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 3; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsbLgbRsbLgbLobRgbLsLsRsmbRgbRibRgbRcbLgRsbLgbRibRibRibLobLsbRibRibRi
bRgbLjbLobRgbRgbLsbLsbRjbRsbRibsbRgbLoRsbRgbRgbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 4; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLjRsbRebRobLjbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 5; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRebRobRebLebLebLebLobLebLebLobLobLebRobLebRhbRobRgbRcbLebLcbLebRgbLob
RobRibLhbLebLobRebLebLgbRebLebRibRcbRebRibLobRebLebLcbRobLobRcbLibRebL
cbRcbRhbRebLcbRobRebRebRebLcbRobLebLgbLcbLobRobLebLobRebRgbRcbLgbRebLc
bRobRobLobRcbLcbLsbRobRsbRobRcbLgbRobRobRsbLobLobRibLsbLobLcbRebLebReb
RobLobLebLebLobLebRsbRsbRobRgbRibLobLhbRgbLebLgbLhbLebRcbLsbLjbLebLobR
obRebRobRobRebRcbLcbRsbRcbRebLibLcbRobLebLibLebLcbLobLobLhbRobLgbRobLe
bRcbLebRebLgbLobLobRobLebRobRobLebLebLcbLobRobLebRebLcbLobLhbRobRobLeb
LibRsbRebLebRcbRhbRsbRcbLsbRcbLobLebRobLibLibLebLebLobRobRebRcbLobRebL
ebRibRobRebLebLibRobLobLcbLobRobRebLobRcbRobRibLibLobLcbRebLibRebRobLg
bRobRgbLcbRobRibLibRcbLebRcbLobLobRobRebRebRobLcbRcbRobLcbLcbLebLebLeb
LebRebRebRebLobRebRhbLhbLibLebRjbRebLcbLgbLobLobLobLsbRcbRobRcbRebRobL
cbLcbLibRebRebLobRobRcbRebLibLcbRobLobRcbRobLgbLcbLebRobRobLobRebRcbRe
bLgbRebRgbRcbRebLsbLhbLcbLsbLebRibLibLebRgbRcbLebRebLebRobRobRobRebReb
RebLobRgbRobLobLobRjbLebRjbRjbLobRobLebRgbRcbRobRgbLebRebRobRhbRebLsbR
gbLebRsbRobRjbLebRebLcbLcbLgbLobRcbRibLobRobRgbLebRobRcbLobLebRobLebRo
bRibRebLebRebRebRebLibLibRibRcbLebRobRobLobRebRgbRibRebRebRcbLebRgbRob
LcbRobRobRobRebLibLebRobLobLobRobLgbRobRebLobRgbLobLebRebRobRebLgbLgbR
ibLobRebRebLjbRgbLcbRobRsbRobRebRebLobRebRjbLhbRibRsbRobRebLcbRjbRjbRc
bLebLebRibRebRebRgbLebLobLebLobRcbRobLobRobLcbLobLebRcbRcbRobLebLobRcb
RibLebLibLobRcbLibRgbLobLgbRobRebLibRsbLgbRebLsbLibLibRibRebRebRgbLobL
sbLebLebLobLsbLebRebRgbLobLcbRgbLobRjbRobRobRebLsbRibLjbLsbLgbLobLobRe
bRhbRebRebLibRobLobRobRcbLibRobLcbLebRebLebRebLsbRobRcbRibLobRebLjbRob
RebLebLsbRsbLobRebRobRibLgbLobLebRobLobLibRibLsbLebLhbRebLobRebRobRobR
sbLgbLebLobRebRsbLgbRobRebRobRibLobRcbLebRobRgbLobLobRobLebLcbLobRsbRh
bRgbRebLebRibRhbLgbRgbRebRsbLobRibRcbLsbLgbRebLebRibRcbLgbRsbRobLibReb
LhbLgbLsbLobLebLobRibRebRcbRobLobRibLgbRobLcbLcbLebRibRsbRsbRebRgbRebR
gbLobRsbLgbRibRibLibLsbRcbRgbRibLgbLebRebRebLcbRhbRobRibRibLcbRobRjbLs
bLibLibLsbRgbLebRsbRebLgbLgbLjbLgbLsbLibLibRobRebRobRcbRobLcbLibLebLsb
LhbRobRobLibLjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 6; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLcLibRibRiLsbRsbRibRibLsbReLsbLobLgbRibLgbLjbRgbLsbLgbRobLcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 7; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsbLjbRsRsmbLsbRjLsbsbRgLsbLsbLsLsmbsbsbRsbRsRsmbRsbRgbRsbRsbLsbRsbRg
bsbRsbLsbRsbRsbRsbRsRsLsmbRsLsbRgbRsbLsbRsRsmbRsbRgbRsbLsbRsbRsbRgLsbR
gLsbLibRsbLsbLsbLsbRsbLsbsbLsbLiLsLsmbRgLsbRjbRibsbLsbLsbLsLjbRsbRgLsb
sbRgLsbRgLsRsLsbLgbsbRsbsbRsbLgLcbLsbRgbRsbsbLsbRebRgbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 8; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRgbRiRsmbRgRsmbLsRiLsLsmbRibLsLsmbRgRsRsmmbRgbRgbRsRgbRiRsmbRgbRibLsb
LgbLebLibRiLsbLjLsLsmmbRsRsmbRgbRgRsmbRjRsmbRgbRsRsmbRgRsmbRgRsmbRgRsm
bsbRsRsmbLsbLsbRgbRibRsRgbRibLsRgRsmbRiRibLsLsLsmmbRgbLsLsmbLsbLgbRsRs
mbRgRsmbLsLsmbRhLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 9; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 10; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLcRsbRsRsLsmbRsRsmbLcRsbRobLebRsbRgbRsbLsbLgbLsRsRsLsmbLibLcbRsRsmbsb
LiLsbLiLsbLibLgbRsRsmbLgLsbLgbLsbsbsbsbLsbLgbLgLsbLsbLsbLgbLsLsRsmbRsb
LgRsbRsLsLgbRgbLebRibLebRgbLsLgbLsLsLsmmbLgbLgLsbLgRsbLgRsbLgbLhbLcbRs
bRsRsmbLsbLgbLgbLgLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 11; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRiRsmbRgbRsRsRsRsRsmmmmbRgbLsbRsbRsRsLsLsmmbRsbRsbRgbRsRsmbRsbRgRsmbR
sRsmbRgRsmbLsbRsbRgbRibLibLgbLoRsLsRsbLcbLibLsbLibLsLsmbLgbLsLsmbRsLsb
LgbLgbRsbRcLsbRsbRsRsLsmbRgbRgRsmbRsbRsbRsbLgbRiRsRsmmbRsbRgbLsbLgLsbR
sbLsLsmbLgbRsbLcbRcRsmbsbRsbRgbRsbRgRsmbLsLsmbLsbLgLsbLsbLgbLsbRsLsbLi
RsbLiLsbRsbsbLsbsbRsbsbsbRsbLcLsmbLeLsbLiRsbRsRgRsmbRgRsmbLsbRsLsbRgbR
sRsmbRgLsbRsLsbLsbRgbRsbLsbRsbRsbRgbRgbRgRsRsmmbRsbRibRgbRgbRsbRsRsLsm
bLsRsRsmbRibRsbRsRsmbRgRsmbRsRsmbRsbRgbRiLsbLiLsRsbLsbRsbRsbsbLsLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 12; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLiRsbRobsbLobsbsbsbsbsbRsbsbsbsbLsbsbsbLsbsbsbLebRsbLsbRsbLsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 13; Drug: Control Apo low
bRibLcbRgLsbRsbRcbRibRibRgbLibRhbRhbLcbRjLsbLhbRjbRibRcbRibRcbRibRjbRi
bLjbLjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 14; Drug: Control Apo low
bLsbLhbRibRgbLobRsbRibRgbLibLjLsmbRsbRgRsmbLgbRgbRgRsRsmmbRsbRgbRcbRcb
LhbRgbRgbRibLcbRjbRcRsmbRjbRgbLsbRgbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 15; Drug: Control Apo low
bLobLhRsbRgLsbRgbRibRjRgbLibRjbRcbRcbRob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 16; Drug: Control Apo low
bLgLsLsmbLeRsbRhbLsbLoRsbLsRsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 17; Drug: Control Apo low
bLgbLgbLsLsmbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 18; Drug: Control Apo low
bLjbLcbLcLsmbLobLibLibLcbLcbLjLsmbLsLsmbLjbLiRsbLobRsbRsbLobLsbLibLhbR
sbLhbRibLibLhbLsLhbRhbRibLjbLhbLsbRhbRjRsmbLjbLibRcbLobLgbLibLcbRsLsbL
hbLobLhbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 19; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsRibRsRsmbRsRibLsbLsRibRjbRgbRsbLsbLjbRcbLsLgRsbRgbLgbRobRgRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 20; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsLsbRgRsmbLsbsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 21; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLhLsbLeLsbLgbRobRsbLsLsmbRsRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 22; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRiRsLsmbRgbLgbLhbRsbLsRsbRsbLsbsbLsbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 23; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bsbRsbLsbLgbRsbLsbRsbLsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRgbLsbRsbLibLsRsbRsbLsbRsbRsbRs
LsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbLsbLsbLsbLsbRsbLsbRsbRibLjbRsbLsbRsbLsbRsbLsbLsbRsbR
sbRsbRibRsbLsbLsbRsbLsbRsbRsbRsbLsbRsbRsbLsbRsbLibRsbLsbRsbRsbRsbRsbLs
bRsbLsbRsLsbLsbRsbLsbsbRsbLsbRsbLsbLsbLsbRsbRsbRsbLsbRsbRsbRsbRsbLsbLs
bLsbRsRsmbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbRsLsbLsbLsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbLsbLjbLob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 24; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbRsbLsRsbLgRsLsbLsbsbRsLsbLsLsmbRsRsmbsbsbLgRsbRgbRobsbLsRsbLsbRsbs
bRsLsbLsbsbLsbRsRsmbsbsbsbsbLsbRsbsbLsRsbRsbRobRobRebRsbRsRsmbLjLsmbsb
sbLsbRsRsmbsbRsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbRsbsbRsbsbsbLsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbs
bsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 25; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRibLibRgbLibLibRhbRjbRsRsmbLsbLibsbRib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 26; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLebRcbRjbLsbLebLjbLjbLobRcbRebLjbRjbRobLobLjbRobLjbLebRjbRebRobRjbLob
LsbRjbLebRobRebRobLebRjbRjbRjbLjbRobRobLjbLjbLebRebLebRjbLsbLsbLjbLjbR
jbRsbLebLjbLcbLobRjbLcbRobRjbRcbLobRobLjbLjbLcbLjbLjbRobRsbRobLsbLjbLe
bRobRebRjbLebRjbRjbRjbRebLebLobRcbRsbLjbLebLobLobLobRobLjbLjbRobRobLob
LjbLebRjbLjbLsbRobRjbLjbRebLebRobLcbRebLobRobRjbLcbLebRjbRebLebLcbLobL
cbRebRcbRjbRobLsbLebRjbLebLebLobRebLobLebLjbRobLebLobLobRebLebLcbLjbRo
bRobLobRjbRobLebLobLebRcbRjbRjbRobLobLjbLebLebLebRobRobLcbRebRjbRjbReb
RjbLebLobLebLsbLjbLobLobLjbRobLobLcbLjbLebRsbRjbRcbRjbLobLobLobRebLobL
jbLjbLsbRobLcbLebRobLobLjbLcbLcbRebRsbLobLebRobRebRebRobLjbLjbLobLobRe
bLebLjbRsbLobRobLjbRsbRjbRebLebLobRobLobRobRjbLobRobRcbLjbLebLjbLebLcb
LobLsbRjbLjbRobLobLebRobLobLsbRjbLjbLobLsbRjbRobRjbLobRobLobRebLebLebR
jbRjbRsbLjbLobLobRebRebRebRobLjbLebLebRjbRjbLjbLjbRobRjbLobLobRobRjbLc
bLjbRebRobRobRebRobRcbLjbLobRsbLebLobLebLjbLobRjbLjbLebLjbLebRebLjbRob
RcbLobRobLobRobLobRjbLebRobRjbRobLebRebLebRobRcbLobRjbRobRobRobLebRobR
jbLobLobLobRobRebLjbRobRsbRcbLobRsbRebRobLebLjbRobLjbRcbLcbLebLcbRsbRe
bRobRebLobRobLebLcbRebRjbLcbLsbRjbRcbLjbRebRebRjbLsbRjbLjbLebLebLobLcb
LobLobRsbRhbLebRebLobLobLebLobRobLobLcbLibLobRebLebLebRcbLebLsbRebRebL
obRhbRobLobLobRibLebLobLsbRobLebLhbLibRobRebLibRebRobLobRcbLebRibLgbRo
bLobRhbLgbLebLcbLobRobLobLebLobRibLobLcbLobLobRobRobLebRcbRobRebRcbReb
LebRobRibRcbLobRcbLebRgbLebRebRgbRobLobLgbLibRobRobLebLobRobRobLgbLibL
ebLibLibLobRgbLebRobLobRebLebLgbLcbRcbLebLibRgbRcbRibRebRobLebLebLobRe
bRobRobRobRcbRgbLgbRobRsbLebLebRobLgbRibLobLobRobRgbRobLsbLibRibLgbRob
RcbLebLebLcbLibLebLobLobLebLcbLgbLobRobRibRobLobLobRgbRebRobLobRebLibR
sbRcbRcbRebLebLobLebRgbRebLibRobRobRobRebRobRgbLobLobLcbRcbLebLsbLebRe
bLobRgbLobLebRibLibRebLcbLobLobLobRobRobLobRebLgbLobRebRcbLobLobRobRob
LobLebRobLgbLebLcbRcbLcbRobLcbLobRsbRobRcbLcbLobRobRibRcbRobRebLcbRibL
obLobLgbLobRcbRobRobLobRobLebLcbRibLobRebRcbRcbLebRcbLgbLgbRobLobLob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 27; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLibLsbLsbRibRibRjRsmbLcbLibRgbLibLgbLgbLobRsbRsbRibLibRhbRgbRgRsmbRgb
RibRgbRgLsbRgLsLsmbLgbRsRoLsbLibRgbRgRsmbRgbRiLsbLjbRiLgbRibRgLsbRiRsm
bLgRsbRgbsbRsbRsRibLsbLobRsbRcLsbRgbLgbRgbRibLibLibRhbRobLhbLhbRjbRibR
gLsbRgbRibRjLsbLsbRoLsbLibLibRibRgbRgRsmbRsbLsRgbRgRsRsmmbRgLsLsmbRiLs
bLgbRibLsbRcbLibLgbLibLgbRgbLgbLibRgbLgbLsbLgbLgbRsbLgbRsbLgLsbRhbRiLs
LsmbLibLsbRoLsbLibRiLsbRiLsbLsLsmbRibRiRsmbRibLjLibLgbRgbRhbRibRiLsbRo
LsLsmbRhbRgLsbLsLsmbLsLsmbRibRibLsbLgbRiLsbRsbLsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 28; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLgbLsbLibRgbLgbRsRsmbLsbRsRsmbRsRsmbRsRsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 29; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRjRsRsmmbLibLobLiLsbLcLsmbLgbLsLsmbLgbLibLgbLsLgbLsbLoRsbLsbsbLibLgbL
gbRgbLgbLsbRjbRobRsbRhbLgbRiLsbLibLiLsbLsbLsbLgbRgbLgbRsLsbRsbLgLsbLib
LsbLgLsbLsbRobRibLibLgbLgbLsLsmbLsbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 30; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLebRsbRsbLsbLjbLgbRsbLjbLsbLsbRsbRsLsbRsbRsLsLsmbRebRsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 31; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRobLibLsbRobRobLobRobRcbLobRibRobLebRcbLobLobLobRibRobRcbRcbLebRibLob
RsbLobLebRibLobLobRebLcbRobLibRhbRobLobRibLebLobRobRobRebRebRebLobLibR
ibLcbRobLhbLgbRobLobLgbRobRcbLebRebLobRobLobLcbLobLobRebRebLebLibRgbRs
bRsbRgbLobRcbRobRobRobLebLobLebRebRobLobRsbLibLebRsbRjbLobRobRobRcbReb
RibLibRobLgbRcbRobRobLobLhbRhbLibLobLibRobLebLgbRobRobRobLobRobLibLobR
cbRebLcbRibLgbLcbLibRebLcbRebLobRobRobLibLgbRebLgbRcbLebLobRebRcbRebRo
bRobRcbRobLcbLcbLgbRobRebRcbRobLobLebRobRebLsbRebRebRsbLobRebRobLebLhb
LgbRebRobLcbLobLcbLcbRobLobRcbRcbLcbLcbLobLobLgbLcbRcbLcbRobLobRgbLobR
gbLobRobLsbRobLobRobRebLgbLobRobLcbRobRcbRebRebLebRobRobLobRgbLobLobLc
bLobRgbLsbRobLebLcbLobLgbRobRibLebRsbLsbLobLebLobLcbRebLsbRcbRebRcbLib
RebLebLobRobRgbRebLobLobLobLobRsbRobRobLgbRibLebRobLgbRobRebRobRebRhbL
ebRobLibLobLsbRobRgbLebLobRibLobLobRebLcbLcbRcbRcbRcbRobRobRebLebLcbLg
bLsbRebRobLobRebRobLobRobLobRebRobLobLobLobLsbLebRobLcbLgbRobRsbRebLgb
LcbLobLsbRsbLibLebLibRibLebLhbRibRobRobLibRebRhbRhbLobRobRcbLobRobLcbL
cbLcbRobLobLebLcbRebRgbLcbLgbLcbLobLobLcbRobLobLobRcbLebRjbRebLobRobLi
bRebRobLobRebLobLcbLobRhbRgbLobLobLgbRebLibLebRcbRsbRobRcbLobLobLebReb
RcbRobRobRcbLcbLcbRobRibRibRcbLobRgbRobLcbRsbLcbLebLobRobLibRebRobRibL
cbLebLobLgbRgbLgbLobRobRobLgbLobLebLebLhbLobRsbRobRgbLcbRebLebRgbRjbRe
bRobLcbRobLsbRgbRibRcbRibLebLebLgbLebRobRobLebRibLibLhbLebLobLcbRcbRob
LobLobLobRibLobRgbRsbRebLebRobLcbRebRgbRgbRgbLobRobRobLgbRebLgbRobRobR
ebLobRebRobLcbLcbRcbLobRobLebLebRobRcbLebRobLsbLobRobRcbLibRhbLobRobRc
bRsbRhbLobLcbLgbLobLcbRobRobRobLobRebLebRebLobLgbRcbLebLobLebRobLobRob
LobLebLgbLobRobRgbRobRobRobLobRobRobRcbRcbRgbLebLobLibLebLobRobLobLobL
cbLhbLcbRobLebRobLebRjbRgbLsbRobRcbLebLebLobLobRhbRgbLgbRhbRobRobLobLo
bRgbLobLobRhbLobRobLobRebLobRobLsbRobLebLobLhbRobLebLobLobRobRobRgbLgb
RsbLgbRcbRibRgbRobRobLobLobLobRebLobLsbLebLobRebLebRobLobLibRcbRebLcbL
ebRcbLcbRebLcbRobLsbLgbRebLobRcbLebRobLhbLebRgbLibLobLcbRobLebRobRgbRc
bLibLibLobLebRsbRibRebLcbLcbRebLobRcbRebLebLobLobRobLcbRobLgbLcbRibLib
RibRobRcbLibLsbLobRobRobRobRobLhbLcbRebLebRebRebRsbRebRobRcbLhbRcbRobL
ebLibRgbRcbLobLcbLobRsbLgbLobLsbRcbLgbLobRebRobLebLcbRobRcbLobLobRebRe
bLobLobRgbRobRcbRobRcbRebRobLobRebLcbLebLebRibLebLcbLcbRebRobLgbRebLcb
LebRsbLcbLebLibLgbRobLgbRebLebRcbRobLebLgbRobRobLcbLobRibRebLobLgbLibR
ibLibLobRobLebLgbLobLjbLobRobLobRebLsbRobLobLobRebRgbRebRsbLebLebLsbLg
bLcbLebRebLobLebLsbRebRebLobLgbRcbLgbLgbLobRobLobLobLcbRebLobLobRebLcb
RjbRobLebRibLobLsbRobLcbLobLobLcbLobRebLobRebLibRhbRcbLobLebRebLobLobR
obRobRobLgbLebLibLibLobRibRcbLebRcbRibLobRobLibLcbRobRobRebLobRgbLobLo
bRobLebLhbRgbLgbLebRibRobRebLobRibRobRgbLsbLobRcbRobLebRsbLcbLebRobRob
LcbLobLsbRibRibRibLobLobRcbRebLsbRobLobRcbRebRcbRebRebLobLobRgbLebLgbR
hbRhbLebRcbLhbLcbLobLobLobRcbRhbRsbLsbRobRebLobLebRsbRebLcbRobLobRibLc
bRcbRjbLobRobLobRcbRibRobLebRebLobLibRobLebRcbLebLibLgbLobLobLebRsbLeb
LcbLibRobRcbRcbRcbLobLebLebRgbRebLobLgbRgbLebLobRobLsbLobLcbRgbRobLcbL
obLibLibRibRgbRcbRobLibRcbRcbRobRebLebLebLgbRebLobRebRgbRebRebLobLebRo
bRhbRcbRobLcbRgbReb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 32; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsbLsbLsbRiLsRsbLsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 33; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLgLsLsmbLgLsbRsbRsbLsLsmbLiLsbLsLsmbLsbLgLsbLeLgbLebLgLsbLsLibLcbRgbR
ibRiRsRsmmbRibRgbRsLsLsRsmbRgbLsbRjLsLsmbRjLgbRhLsbRiRsmbRibRgRsmbRibR
gbRiRsmbsbLebRgbLebLgbRebLobRsbRsbsbRgRsmbsbRsbRgbRsbsbLsRsLsbRcbRibRi
bLgLsbRebRgbRsbRgLsbLibRgbRiRsLsmbRgLsLsmbRgbRgbRgRsmbRgbRgRsmbRgbsbRg
RsRsRsmmmbRsRsRsmmbRsbRgRsmbRgbLcbRibLobRobRgbRsbLgbLgbLjbLsLsmbRjbRsb
sbRgbRiRsmbRobRobRcbRgbRgLsbRgbRhbRgRsmbRibRgbLsRsbRsLsbRsRsmbsbsbRgLs
bRgLsRsbRsLsbRgLsbRgLsbRjLsLsmbRiLsbRcbRgbRibRgbRsbRgbRgbRibRiLsbRibRg
RsLsmbRsbRsRsmbRgbLjLcLsLsmmbLgLsbLcLsmbRibLobLcbLeLsbLebLobLcbLgLsbRg
bLgLsRsbRsbRsLsbLsLsLsmmbsbLsbLgbsbLsbLeLsbLcRsbsbRjLsbRgbsbRibLsRsbLs
LeLsbLgLsbLhbLsLsLsmmbRiRsmbRgRsmbRgRsRsmmbRjRsmbRibRgRsmbLjLsLsmmbLeb
LgbLibLjLsmbsbRgRsmbRibLiLsLsmbLsbRsLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 34; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsRsLsmbLsbRgRsmbLsbRsbRsbRiRsmbLjbRiRsmbRgLsbLsbRsbRgbLgbLjbLebLgLsb
LgbLgLsbLgRsLsLsmbLgbLgbRjbLgLgbLeRsbRgRsmbRgbRcbRgbLcLsLsmmbRgbRsLsbs
bLsLgLsbsbLsRhbRibRgRsmbRsRsmbRsRsmbLsbLsbLoLsmbLjbRibRgRsRsRsmmmbLsRs
bRibRsbLsRsbRgbRgLsbRgbsbRsRgRsmbRsLsbRibRebsbRsbRcbRsbRsbRoRgLsbRsLsL
smbLsbRgbLsbRgRiLsbRibRsLsLsmbReLgLsbRgbLebRebRsbRgLsbRiRsRsmmbRsRsRgm
bRgRsRsmmbRibRgbRsRsRsmmbRgRibRiRsmbLgbRsRsRgmbRgRsmbRsRsRsRsRsmmmmbRg
bRgbRsbRgbRsbRgRsmbRibLgLsbLgbLhbLsLsmbLsRsRsmbsbLsbLobRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 35; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsRsRsmbRsRsmbRgbRsRsmbRgbsbsbRgRsmbLsRsRsmbRiLsRsbLgLsbRibsbRsRsRsRs
mmmbRsbRgbRsbRsbRgbsbsbLcbLsbLobsbRsRsmbLsbsbRsbRgRsRsmmbLsRsRsmbRgbRh
bLibRibRsRsRsmmbRsRsmbRsbLsbRsbRsbRsRsmbRsRsmbRgbLsLsmbLsbRiRsmbRgbLsb
LsLsRsmbLsRgRsmbRsbLsRobRsLsbRiRsmbRsbRsRsmbsbRsbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 36; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsRiRsmbRoRsmbRobRcbLoLsmbLeLsbLsbRibLsLsmbRgRsmbRsbLibRgbRjbLsRsbLiL
sbLgbLebLgLsbRcRsRsRsmmmbRgbRsbsbRgbRsRsLsmbRsbReLsbRsRebRebRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 37; Drug: Control Apo low
bLiRsbRiRsmbRjbRibRsbRsbRsbRsbRoRsmbRsRsmbRsbRhbRsbRibLsbLsbRsbLobLgbL
gbRsbLoRsbRhbRsRsmbRjbRibRgbRsRsmbRgbRsbRsbRsbLsbRibLsbRobRgbLsbRgbRgb
RgRsmbRibRgbRsbRiRsmbRsbRgbRibLsbLgLsbRgbRiRsmbLjLgbLgbLgRsbLibLgbRsbL
ibLgbLsbLibRsbLiRsbRsRsmbLibRsbLibLgbLgbLsbLsbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 38; Drug: Control Apo low
bLibLibLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 39; Drug: Control Apo low
bRcRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 40; Drug: Control Apo low
bLibLobRsLsbRoRsmbRobRobRibLiRsbLiRsbRjbRsbRoLsbLiRsbLsRibLobRjbLoRsbL
obRjbRgbLobRgbRsbLobLibRjbLobLibRibLibRibLibLiRsbRgRsmbLgbLgbRsbsbRsbL
cbLibLcbLsbRsbLgbLjbLjRsbLobRibLgbLibLhbLibLgbLsbRgbRibLibRibLjLsmbRib
LjbLjbLcbLcbLsLibLgbLibRibLhbLjRsRsmbLibLibLhbLgbLgbLjbLibLgbLjRsbRjbR
cbLcbLoRsLsbRsRsmbRcbLcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 41; Drug: Control Apo low
bLhRsbLiRsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 42; Drug: Control Apo low
bLibRhbRsRsmbRibLsbRibLgbRgbRgbRgbLobRobRiRsmbLgbLgbRjbLcLsmbReLsbLsLc
bReLsbRcbRibLibRibLobRgbRgbRobLibRcRsmbRibRibLgbRhLsbLgbLgbRjRsmbLibsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 43; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbRsbLsbRibRiLsbLsLsmbLsbLgbLsLsmbRgbLhbRsbLsbRsbLibLgbLsbLsbLibLgbR
gbLgRsLsbLibLobLsLsLsmmbRsbRgbsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 44; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLjbRsRsRsmmbLsbLsbLsLsmbLsbLsLsmbLgbsbsbLgbLsbLgbLsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 45; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbRgbRsRsmbRgbRsbsbRsRsmbLsbRsbRsbRsbRsRsmbLsRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsRsmbRs
bLsbRsbRsRsmbRsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 46; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 47; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRobLoRsbLsLsLsmmbLsLsmbsbLoLsmbLibLibRsbLgLsbLgbLsbLsLsmbLsbLsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 152920; End: 153420;
Recording: 10-1; Individual: 48; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbLoLsLsLsmmmbLsbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 1; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsRsRgmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 2; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsbLobRsbLsRsbRsbLsLsRsmbRsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 3; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLgbRibRcbRgbRgbsbRsRsmbRsbRsbLibLjRsbRsbRgbLebLiRsRsmbRjbRhbRsbRgbLcR
cbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 4; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRobLobLobLebLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 5; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRobLobRebLhbRgbLobRobRobRsbRcbRobLcbLobLobLcbRcbLsbLebRobLjbLobRcbLjb
RgbLebRgbLcbLcbRebLobLebRebRibRebRobLibRebRcbRobLebRebRobLgbLsbLgbRibL
cbRibRhbRcbLobLebRebRsbRobRobRobLobLebRgbLsbRebLcbRibLcbLobRgbRgbRcbRi
bRobRobLcbRebRibLobRibLcbLibRebRobLebRcbLcbLebLcbRhbLebRebRobLebLgbReb
LebRobLebRebRebLgbLobLcbRebLebLgbLobLebLobLebLobRebLcbLsbLcbLobRebRsbR
ebLobLobLgbLgbRgbLebRgbRobRcbRgbLgbLebLobLebLebRcbRobRobRgbLsbRebLobLs
bLgbRsbLcbLobLcbRebLgbRcbLobRgbLsbLgbRobLobLobLobRgbLobRobLobLobRebLeb
RibRebLebRobRebLobLobLobRhbRcbLcbLebLobRhbLibRgbLobRebLcbLebRgbRobRebR
ebRjbLobRibLebRobRobLcbRgbRobRibLebLobRobRebRobRcbRcbLobLebRsbLgbLgbLo
bLebRebLcbRobLebRebRcbLobLsbRcbRebRgbRebLebLebLobLgbRibLcbRebRebRobRib
LcbRebRebRjbLobLibRgbLcbRibLobRobRebLsbRebRsbRcbRibLobLobLibRgbRebRsbR
obLebRebLobLebLebLebRcbRgbLibRgbRibRebLcbRobRobRobRobLgbLebLebLobRibRo
bRgbRobRobLobRsbLobLgbLcbRcbLobRebLobRebRebRibLebRebLebLobRibLebLcbRgb
LgbLcbLobLebRcbRobRebRcbRobRobRcbRcbLcbLebRebRobLobRobLgbRibRibLebLobR
obLobLobLebRgbLibLobRebRobLcbRibLibLebRobLgbRobRobLebRobLobLobRobLibLs
bLcbRebRebLgbLsbRcbRobLebRebLibLgbLebLobLebRobLcbLibRobLobRobLobRobLjb
RebLibRobLcbRcbRibLebRebLobLobLibRebRobRebLibRobLcbRhbLobRibLebRcbLcbR
ebLebRebLebRgbLgbLcbLgbRobRsbRebRebRebRebLobLebRebLebLsbLobRebLgbLobLc
bLcbLcbRgbLibLcbRebRibLebLobLgbLibLebRgbRebLcbLhbLgbLebRibLibRibLhbRob
LcbLebLebLibLebRebRobLebRebRebRebLsbRobRgbLjbLebRobLgbLobLebLobRebRobL
sbRobLobRobRgbRobLsbLgbLebRebLjbLebRebLgbLcbRobLsbRibLhbLebRebRgbRcbRc
bLebRobLobRebLebLobRebRhbRebLobRebRibLcbRibLebLcbLebLebRobRebRobLibRob
LhbLobRobRebLebRobLobRjbRebRebRcbRobLobRsbRebRobRibRobLgbLebLebLobLcbL
obRebRebLgbLibRobRobLebLobLsbLebLcbRobRgbRobRjbLibLebLsbLobLhbLebLebRe
bRobRcbRsbLebRsbLgbLebRibLgbRibRcbRebRobRgbLobLibLebLobRobRobRobLebLcb
LhbRobLobRsbLgbLobLgbRgbRobLobRobLsbRcbLcbLibRibLsbRobLgbRobLebRobLsbL
sbRebLcbLsbLebRcbRobLebLcbLcbRobLobRgbLobLebLebLgbLebRgbLsbRobLibLobLo
bRjbLobLobRebLebLcbRebRibLebRcbRsbRibLebLobLobRgbRobRsbLebRobRcbRebReb
RhbRhbRobRobLgbRgbRebLgbLobLebLcbRgbLebRobRgbLcbRebLgbLobRjbLibLibLobL
ebLjbLcbRcbRsbRibLsbLsbRibLobLsbLebLobRgbLgbLhbLjbLebRsbLebRsbRsbLcbRg
bLebRcbRobLobRsbLebLibLcbLobRgbRebLebLobLobLobRebRobRobLsbLobLebRobRob
RebLgbRobRgbRobRebLibRobLebRgbRsbRgbLebRebLebLebLebLebRobLsbRibRibLibL
cbRobRobLsbRsbRibRcbRobRhbRebRsbLobLobLsbRobLsbLobLebRebLsbRobRgbRcbRi
bRobLsbLibLgbLobRcbLebLgbLgbLgbRobRibRebLebLcbLobRgbLsbLobLebRobLebRob
RobLebRobLobRobLobLebRcbRobLobLgbRobLsbRgbRebRobRgbRjbRgbRobRibLgbRebL
jbLgbLhbLebRcbRsbLebRcbLsbRobReb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 6; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLobRibLhbLibLgbLsbRibLhbLibRibRibRhbRsLsbRsbLibLsbRebRibLibRcbLcbRgbR
ibRibsbRhLsbLsbLsbLsbLhbLsbLsLgbRgbRjbLibLibLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLobLc
bLgbLsbLibRibLgbLcbRibRsbLhbLcbLgbLsLsmbLibLjbRcbRhbLjbRcbLgbRgbRiRsmb
RibLgbsbRgLsbRgbRsbRgbRsbLjbLgbLibRjbLgbRsLsbLgbLsbRsbLsbLgbLsbLsbLsbL
ibLsbLgbLibLibLgbRibLiLsbLibRjbRcbLjbRjbLhbLsbLgbRgbLgbLgbRcbRibLgbLgb
RcbRibLhbLibRobLjbLibRcbRgbLibLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 7; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsbLsbsbsbsbsbsbLsLsLsLsLsmmmmbRebLsbLsbsbsbLsbsbsbsbRiLsbRjLsbLjbLjb
LsbsbLsbRsbLsbRjbsbRsbsbsbRsbLsbLsbRsLsbsbLsRsbsbLsbRsbLgbLgbRsbRsRsLs
RsRsLsmmbLsRsbLcbLcbLibLsLsRsmbLsbLgbLsbLsLhLgLsbLiLsbLsbRjRgbRobLgbLs
LsmbRsbRsLsLsmbLsbLsbRgbRsbRsLsbRsLsbRjLsbLgbRgbRsLsbLsLsmbLsbLsLsmbRs
bLebRsbRsbsbsbLsbLsbRsRsmbRsRsmbRsbLsbLjbLsLsmbLgbLsLjbLgbLebLobLiRsbs
bLeLsbLsLebLobLgLsRsbLsbRjbsbRsLsbRsLsRsRsLsmbsbRsbLsLsmbsbRgbRibLsbLs
bLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 8; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsRsmbRgbRsLebRebLgbRgbRebLgbLgLsbRebLgbRsRsRgRsmmbRibRsLsLsmbRsRsRsm
mbRsRsmbRsbRgRsmbRsbRsbRsbRgbRsbLsbRsbLsLgRsbRsRsLsLsmmbLsRsbRsLeLsbRc
LsbLcbRebsbLsRsLsbRsLgbRcbLsLsmbRjbRhbRhRsmbsbRsbLsLsmbLgLsLsRgLsmbLsL
gbLgbLsRsbRjbsbRsRsmbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 9; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 10; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLgRsRsmbRgbLcRsbLiLsbLibRoRsmbLibRsbLsbLsLgbLjbRebLgbLgRsbRsLsbLsLsLi
LsmbLsbLgbLsLsLsmmbLjbRsRsRsmmbRgbLhbRsReRsmbLgbLibRsRsmbLjbLsbLgbLibR
ibLibLgbRcRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 11; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRgbLibsbLsLgLsbRjbLgLsLsmbLgbLsbRsLsLsmbLgbLsbRsLsbsbLsLsLsmmbsbsbsbL
gbLgLsbLsLsmbRgLsbLcbLebLsLsmbLsRsbLgbLsbLsLsmbLgbLsLsLsmmbLsLsLsmmbLi
LsbLibLcLsRsLsmbLgbLsbLsbLsLsLsmmbLgbLgbRsbLsLsmbLibLgbLsLsmbRsbsbLsbL
hbLsbLsLgbLsbLgbRsbLgbLsbLgbRsbRsLsbRgbLhbRsbLsbsbsbsbLsbLsbsbsbRibRgR
smbLsRsRsmbRsbRgbsbRgbRibRsbLsbLsbRsbRgbRgRsmbRsRgbRsbLgbLgbsbRsRsRsmm
bRgbRibLsLiLsbLgbLsbLsLsmbLsLsLsLsmmmbLgbLsLsLsLgmmbRsLsLsmbLgbRsLsbRe
bRhbsbsbRsbRsbRiLsbRgbRsRsmbRgbRsRsmbRsbRsbRsbRgRsmbRsbRsRgRsmbRsbRgRs
Lsmbsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 12; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bsbsbsbRcbRoRsmbRibLibLcbLebRsRsmbLsLsLsmmbsbsbsbRsbsbsbsbsbLobRsRsmbL
gRsbLsbLsbLsbLgbsbLgbLsRsbLsbLgbLsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 13; Drug: Control Apo low
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 14; Drug: Control Apo low
bLsbRsbLiLsbRgbLhLsbRgRsmbRsbLgbLgbRsbRgbRgbRsbRsbRsRsmbRsbRsbRsbRgbRg
bRgRsmbLsbRgbRgbLjbRcbRibRgbRsbRgbRsbRsbRgbLcbLebRsbRibLibRgbLgLsbRibR
sbRsbRsbRsbRcRsLsmbRgbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 15; Drug: Control Apo low
bLobRibLsRsbLsLsmbRjbRgbRsbRebRiRsmbRsbRsbRgbRsLsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRgbRsRsm
bRgbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 16; Drug: Control Apo low
bLjbLcRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 17; Drug: Control Apo low
bRgbRiLsbLsbLjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 18; Drug: Control Apo low
bLgbLgbRgbRcbLhbLcbLcbLsLibLibRibLibLjbLobLcbLgbLgbRcbLjbLjbRobLjbLjbL
sbLibRhbRcbLjbLjbRcbLgbLjbLhRsbLcbLcbLibLjRsbLibRsRsmbLjLsmbLhbLcbLibL
ibLgbLibRibLcbLiRsbLjLsmbLgbLibRcbRgbLebLibLcbLcbLgbLgbLgbLibRibRibLcL
smbLobLcbLjLsmbLsLsmbLgbRgbLibRcbLibLjbLibLgbLibRsbRsRsmbLibRgRsmbRsRs
mbRjLsbLibLjbRibRgRibLcbLgbRsRsmbLsLsmbRsbLjbRsRsmbLjbRhb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 19; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsLsLsmmbLsbRsRsRsRsmmmbRebLsRsRsmbLsRsbReRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 20; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbLsbsbRsbsbLsRsRsmbRgLsbsbLsbLsbsbLgbsbsbsbsbsbsbRgbRsbRgbsbsbsbsbs
bRsbsbLsbsbsbsbRiRsRsmmbLsbLgLsbRjbRjbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 21; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsRsRsmmbsbRsRsmbRiLsbRsRsRsmmbRcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 22; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsRsmbRsbRebRsbsbLsbRobRsbRjbRjbLsbLebLsbLsbLsbRobRjbLsbRebLjbRebRebL
ebRsbRsbRjbLobLjbRjLjbLoRsbLoLsmbLsbRsbRobRobLebRobRebLjbLsbRebRsbRjbR
jbRobLsbLobRebLobRebRobRebLsbLsbRjbRebLebLebLebRobRjbRjbLsbLsLjbRebReb
LsbLsbLsbRobLsbRobRjbRobLsbRebLsbLsbLebLsbLebRjbRjbRjbRsbLsbLjbLsbRjbL
jbRsbLsbLobRebLjbRebRobLebLjbLsbLsbLebRebLebLebLcbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 23; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRgbRsLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 24; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsLsbRsLsbLsLsmbRsbLoLsmbRcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 25; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bsbsbRobRibLhbRsbLjbLsbLobLobRobLobLiRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 26; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLobLcbRobRobLebLobRibRjbRebRebRjbRobRcbLobRcbLebRjbLjbLebLobRcbLcbLgb
LebLobRobLjbRcbRobLobLobLobRebRebRobLcbLcbRobRgbLebRcbRcbLcbLobLhbRebR
obRobRobLebLhbRobRebRsbRobLobRcbRobRobRebRebRebRobLjbLobLjbLobLjbRjbRo
bRcbLcbLjbLobRcbLebRebLobLobLobLobLjbLobRsbLcbRobLobRsbRebRobLebRebLcb
RcbRobRobLcbRjbLobLcbRobLjbRjbLcbLcbRjbLjbLsbLebLobRobRobRebLebRjbRobR
gbLsbLobLsbRebRjbRcbLobRobLcbRjbLjbLobLobLjbLobLcbRcbRobRobLobLobRobRo
bLsbRebLobLobLsbRebLsbLobRobLobLobLebRsbLibRobLobLobRibRebLobRebRobRob
LebRobRgbRcbLebRebRobRebRobRgbRobRobLibLcbRcbLobLsbLibLobLcbLibRobRobR
ibRcbRibLibRobRobRcbLcbRobRibRcbRobLobRgbRcbRobRobRobRibLebRibRebRobRi
bRobRcbRobRcbRcbLcbLebLobRobLcbLobLebRibRebRgbRobRibLobLobLobLsbRgbLcb
RobLobLcbRebRobRebLobLobLcbLhbLsbLcbRobLsbLebLcbLgbLgbRobRgbLobLobRobR
cbRobRobLcbLcbLobLibRobLcbLibLsbLsbLobLobRobRobRobLhbRobLebLebLcbRobLo
bRgbLcbLebRjbLobRsbRobRebLobLobRhbRebLobLibRobLcbLgbLobLobLebRobRobLsb
RhbLobLcbLibLibRobLebLcbLcbRsbRobRebRobRgbLobLebRobLebRobRebLcbRgbRobR
gbRhbLobLgbLobLcbLcbRobLgbLebLhbLobLcbLhbLobLibRobRcbLobLebRgbRobLebRo
bRibRgbRobRsbRobLobRibRobRobLobRobLgbLobLcbLobRcbLcbRebRhbRobRobRsbLcb
RcbRobLibLibLobLcbLobLcbLobLobLebLgbLobRebLobLcbRebLcbRobRebRhbRobRcbR
cbLcbLobLebRebRobLobLebRcbLibLobLobRobRgbRebRcbRhbRobRibRebRobLobLobRo
bRebLcbLcbLebRebLsbRebRcbLebRcbRibLcbRobRobLcbLobLcbLebLsbLobLcbLebRob
RhbLobRhbLebRobRcbLobLobLobRebRebLobLobRebLcbLobLgbLobLobRcbLcbRobLcbL
obLebLobLobLgbRgbRobRsbLcbLjbRobLcbRcbRgbRobRobRebRcbRobRgbRibLibRcbLo
bRobRebRebLobRobRobRebRgbRgbLebRebRgbLcbRobLobLobRebRebLebLobRhbRibLob
RobLcbRebRebRcbLcbRobRobRobLobLebRobRcbLcbRobLcbRebRcbLobRgbRgbLebRobL
gbRebLgbRobRibRobLcbLobLcbRobLebLibRobRobLobLcbRcbRcbRibRsbLebRebLebRi
bRobRcbLgbRobRobRibRibLebRsbRcbRobRsbLcbRcbRobRobRsbLobRcbLobLobLobReb
LsbLebLobLobLobLobLobLebLcbRebRsbLobLobRobRobRobLgbRcbLibRsbLobRsbLgbL
ebRebRebLhbLgbLebLobLebLibRibRebRebRobLebLebLibRobLobLgbRobLebRobLobRo
bRgbRgbLobRebLobLcbLobRebRsbRibRobLibRobRcbLebLgbLhbRebLebRobLcbRcbRob
LcbRebLebRobRobLcbLobRebRgbRobRibRebRobRcbRobRcbRcbRobRcbRobRobRcbLebR
obLebRobRcbLobRobLcbRcbRcbLebLsbRebLebLjbRebRcbRebRobLgbLobLobLobRobRe
bLobRibLibRobRebLobLobLebRcbRcbLibLcbLebRobLebRobRebLcbRobLcbLcbLobReb
LobRobLibLibLcbRobLobLcbRobRibRgbLcbRobLibLibRobLobLobRebRebLsbRibRibL
obLibLobLibRobRobRgbLibRobRobLgbLjbRhbLobLcbLobLobLgbRebLebRibRobLobLe
bRobRjbLobLebLcbRgbRobLobLobLobLibRcbRobLcbRcbRobRsbLobRgbRobRobLobReb
LgbRibLebLsbRsbLsbLgbLobRcbLcbLobLobLibLobLobLobLibRobLobRebRsbRobLcbR
cbRcbRcbRobRcbLjbRebLcbLgbRebRobRebLcbRcbRebRsbLebLebRebLebLobLsbRsbLs
bRsbRobLjbLebLebRsbRobRjbRcbRcbLebRobLcbRebLebRobRjbRcbLibRebRobLsbRob
RobRebLebRcbRobLobRcbRcbLibRobLebLobRobRebLobRsbRsbRobRcbRhbLobLcbLobR
obRobLsbLcbRebRobLobLcbRobRjbLobRjbRobLebRobRobRsbRobLobLobLobRobLebLo
bRibLcbLjbLebRcbRjbLobRcbRobLcbLebRebRgbRgbLebRobLcbRsbRebRobLibRjbReb
RsbLcbLsbLgbRobRsbLebRobRobLsbRebLebRibLebLebLobRobRobLebLgbLebRsbLobR
obRobLebLebLjbLcbRobLgbRobLibLebLcbRebLebLsbLsbRebRebRebLhbLebLobLobLc
bLobLobLibLebLebLobRobLgbRibLebLcbRibRibRgbLsbLsbRobRibRjbLjbLebLjbRhb
RobRcbLobRebRsbLobRobLcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 27; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsRsRsmmbLsLsLsmmbRgbLsRsbLsbLgbLgbRgbRgbLjLsLsmmbLsLgbRcbLsRsbLgLsbL
ibRsbRsRgbRibRibRsbLgbLsLsmbLobLsbRsbRgRsmbRhbLgLsbRsLsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 28; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsbsbRsbRsbRsLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 29; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsbLebLeRsbRgbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 30; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLibLsRgbRsRsmbRgbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 31; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 32; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLjLsmbLhbLsbRsbLsbsbLgRsRsmbLiRsRsmbLibLgLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 33; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLebLgbLsLcLsLsLsmmmbLebLiLsbRsbLebLcLsmbRsbRgLibLgbLsLgbLsLsmbRibLebL
gLsbLjLsmbLsLsmbsbLgLsbLsLsmbLebLjbRsLsbsbLibRjbRgLsbLcbLiRgbRjbRgbRgR
sRsmmbRcLsbLsbLsbsbsbsbLibLibLcRsRsLsmbLhbRhbLebRsbLsLiLsLsmbLcLsmbLeb
LobRcRsmbLjbLiLsbLsbRsbRgLsbRebRgbLsLsmbLgLsbLgRsLsbLgLiLsbLiLsbRgRsRs
LsmmbLsLsmbRiLsbRiRsmbRgRsmbRcRsmbRibRcRsLsmbRcbRibRibRibRsbLgbRibRgbR
sbRibRiRsmbRibRiRsmbRgRsmbRgbLsbRgRsmbRebRjbRhbRobRobLcLsmbRgbLsbLibRg
bRibRsbRsbRgbRsRsLsmbRsRgbRibLsLsmbLobLgLsLsLsmmbLgbRcRgbRgbRsbRgLsbLs
bLsRsbRgbRgLsbRgbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 34; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsbLebRsRsLsmbRsRgLgLsbRgRsmbRsbRgLsLsRsmbRsRsRsmmbRsbRsbRiLsbReLsbRe
bRebRhbLobLsbLcbRjbLjbLsbLgbLsRsbLsRsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsLsmbLgbRsbLsbLs
bLibRsRiLsRsbLsbRgbLsbRibLsbRgbLsRsLsLsRsmbRsRsRsRsRsRsmmmmmbRsRgLsbRs
bsbRsRsRsmmbRsLsbLsbRgbLsbRsbsbLsLsmbRsbRsRgLsLsmbRgbRsbRsbRsbLsRsbRsR
gbRsRsmbRgLsbLgbRobRsRsLsmbLsbLsRsbRsRgRsRsmmbRsRsLsmbRsRsmbRsbRgRsmbR
sbRsRgbLsbRsRsLsRsLsmbLcLsLsmmbLibRsLsbRsbLsbRsbRcbRcbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 35; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsbRsbRsRsmbRgbRgbRsbRsRsmbRsbRsbRgbRsRsmbRgbRsbRgbsbRiRsRsmmbLsbRsbR
gbRgbLsRsbRsbRsRsmbRsRsRsmmbLjbRcbRsRsmbRsbLsLsmbRsRiLsbLsLsmbLsbsbsbR
sLsbRsbRhbRsbsbRibRgbRgRsmbRsbRgRsmbRgbRsbRsRsmbRsbLsRsbRibLsbsbRsRsmb
RsRsmbRsRsmbRgbRgbLsLsmbRsRsRsmmbsbRgRsRsmmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 36; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRgbRcRsRsmmbRhbRsRsmbRsbRsRsmbRgbRsbLsbsbRsRsmbRsRsmbRsRsmbLjbRiLsbRh
bsbRibRgbRsbLcbLsbRcbRiRsmbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 37; Drug: Control Apo low
bRsRjbLsLsmbRibLoRsLsbRsbRhbRsRcRsmbRsbLibLhbLgbLsbLiRsbRsbLsRsbRcbRsb
RiLsbLsbRsbLibLibRhbLjbLibRjbRibLjbLiRsbRebLsRsbRibRsbLgLsbLcbLoRsbLsb
RsbRgbRibRgbLsbLsbLsbRsbRsbLibLgLsbLiRsbRsLsbRebRgbRiRsmbLsRsbRsRsmbRs
bLjbLiRsbLibRhbLobRjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 38; Drug: Control Apo low
bRobRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 39; Drug: Control Apo low
bsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 40; Drug: Control Apo low
bRcbLgbLibReLsbRhRibLjbLobRcbRibRibRgbLgbLgbLsbLjbRgRsmbRgbRsLcbLjbRjL
sbLcbRjbLobRhbLcbLgbRjbLjRsbLobLibLgbLsbLsbRgbRsbRsbRibRcbLibRgbLgbRib
LgbRgbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 41; Drug: Control Apo low
bRhb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 42; Drug: Control Apo low
bLeRsbRhbRoLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 43; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbLgbLsbLgbLibRcRsRsmmbLhLsbLgLsbLgLsbLgLsbLsbLgbLsbLsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 44; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLgbLgbLgbLsbLsbLsLsLsLsmmmbLsLsmbRsRsmbLsLsmbLsbLsbLsRsbLsbLsRsbRsbLs
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 45; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsRsmbLsRsbRsRsmbRsRsmbRgbRsbRsbRsbRgLsbRsRsmbLsbRsRsmbRsRsmbRsbRsbRs
RsmbLjbLsbRsbLibLsbLsLsmbLgLsbLgRsbLgbLgbLsbLsLsmbRsbLgLsbLibLsLsmbLib
Lib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 46; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLibRobRiLsbLsbLsbRhbRgbRhbLhbLsbLsbRsbRobLibLsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 47; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bsbLgRsbLobLoLsmbLobRobLsRsbRsbLsLsmbLobLcbLcbLibsbLsbRsRsmbLsLsLsmmbR
oLsbLsbsbsbsbLsRsbRsLsbLsLsmbLsbRsLsbLsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153422; End: 153922;
Recording: 11-1; Individual: 48; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLgbLsRsbRsbLsbsbsbRsbLsbRoLsbLsbRsbsbsbLibLoRsRsmbRsbLgbRebRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 1; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRibRsbRsbRsbRsRsmbRsRsmbRgLsbLsRsbRibRobRibLsbLsLsmbLsbRsbLsbLgbLibLs
bLsbLsbLgbLsbLsbLsbLiLsbLgbLsbRsbLsbRsbLsbLibLsbLgbLgbsbLgbLsbLgbLgbRs
LsbLgbRsbRsbLcbLibLibRgbLsbRsRsmbLsbRsbRhbLibRjbLjbLcbLibRiRibRgbLjbLi
bLgbRebLgbLibRsbRsbLsbLgbRsbLjbLibRsbLgbLibRcbLjbLgbLjbLgbLibLgbLsbLsb
LgbRgbLsRjbRjbLhbLhRsbLibLsLsmbLsbLsbLsLsmbLsbLsbLsRsbLgbLgbRsbLsbLibL
ibRsbRgbLgbLgbLsbRsbRgbRgbRgbRgbRgbRgbRgbLsbRibRsbRsbRsbLsbRsbLsLsmbRg
bLcbLobLgbRsbRsbLgbRgLsbLgbLibRsbRsbLsLsmbLsbRebRiLsbLsbRgbRibLjLsLsmm
bRgbRgbRsLsbRgbRsbRgbRsbRgbLsbRsbRsbRsbLsRsRsmbRsRsmbRsRsmbRgbsbRiLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 2; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLjbRsbRsbsbRjbRcbRiRsmbRsbRsbRsbRsbRgbRsbRgbRsRsmbRsbRsbRsbRgRsmbRgbR
gbRgbRsbRibRcbRgRsmbRsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 3; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsbLsbLoRsRsmbRgbRsbRgbRsbLsbRgbRgbRsbRjLsbLcbLsbRcbRgbReRsmbRgbRgbLs
bLgbRgbRsbRgLsbLsbRsRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 4; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLgbLsbRgLsbRsbLsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 5; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRobRobRobLsbRcbRobRobRebRobLobLhbRebRgbRibRcbLsbLebRsbRcbLcbRebRobRcb
LcbLcbRcbLobLsbRgbLebRgbRobLobRcbLcbRcbRibRibRcbRgbRobRcbRobRobRobLobR
gbRcbLobRobRobRobLobRsbLibLebRibRebLebLcbRobRcbLcbRsbRebRcbLebRobLebLe
bLobRobLobLcbRobRobLcbRobLcbLobLebLobLibLobLcbRobRebRebLobLcbLebRcbRob
RebRibRobRebLgbLobLobLebLobLobLobRobRobLebLsbRcbLebLebLebLsbLebLcbLobL
cbRobRobLcbRgbLobRcbLgbRebLcbRobLebLobLebRobLcbLebRsbRcbRobLjbLebRsbRi
bLcbLobRebRobLgbRgbRcbLobLhbRcbRebRobLobLebLgbLcbLebRsbLobLobRgbRobLeb
LebLobLobLibRebRobRcbLebRobLibRcbRibRebLebRcbRebLobRebLcbLobRobRobRsbL
ebRcbLobLebRcbLobRhbRobRebRebRibLobRebLcbLobLhbRebLsbRobLibLebLcbLobRg
bLobLebRobLobRebLobRsbLobLebLobRibRcbLobRobRobLhbRgbRcbRsbRebLcbRcbReb
RgbLcbRebLgbLebRobRobRobRobRobRobRibLebLsbRcbRjbLebRcbLebRsbLebLebLobR
ibRobLobRcbRgbRgbLcbLobLebRcbLobRobLobLebRobRobRobLcbLsbLebLobRebLsbRs
bRcbRibRebRobRobLobLjbLgbLobLobLcbRcbRobRobLobLebRobLobLobRibLobRcbLeb
RobLobRebLgbRgbLcbRebLebRcbRcbRcbRebRibRobLobLcbRobRebRsbRcbLobRjbRobR
obRcbLcbRsbLgbLcbLobLobRebRebRobLobRobLebLobRibLcbRsbLibLcbRibLsbRobLs
bLsbRebRcbLobRgbRibRobLebRobRebRibLebRibRgbLobRebRobLobRobLebRobRebRcb
RibLibLibRebRobRcbRcbRcbLgbRcbLobLobRobLcbLcbLibLebRobLobRebLcbLgbRebL
obLibRobRjbLgbLebLgbRobLhbRsbRebLebLobLgbLsbLobRebRobRebRcbRsbRobLgbRg
bRcbLebRgbRebLibLibLobLgbRibRsbLobLsbRobRhbLobLebLcbLibLibRcbRebLcbLob
LibLobLibRcbRebLobLibLebRebRcbLobLjbLobRebRgbLjbRsbLsbLobRgbLobLobRcbL
ebLgbRebLobRcbRgbLcbLobRcbLebLobLobRobRibRobLgbLebLobLebLibRobLcbRsbRe
bLobLobRcbLobLebRobRcbRcbLebLsbRhbRsbRobRcbRobLgbLebLebLobRjbRobLebLob
RobLgbRcbRobLobLobLebRhbRebLebRebRcbRebLgbLcbRobRebRobRcbLobLobLibRebR
ebLsbLcbRebLebRsbLcbRebLgbLobRgbLebLcbLobRebRobLebLjbRebRebLebRebRebLg
bLobRobLobRibRjbLobRebRgbLebRobRebRobRebLobLsbRobRjbLobLobLobRcbRsbLcb
LcbLgbRobRibRgbRebRcbRcbRcbRsbLobRebRobRebLcbLibRebRgbLibLebLobRobLgbL
obLcbLebRgbRcbLobLobRobRgbRobRhbRsbLobRebLobRebRobLibLcbLebRjbLcbRobRi
bRhbLebLcbLobRcbRsbLgbLobLobRobRcbLobLobRobRebRebRobRcbRobLgbRibLobRcb
RobRcbLebRibRobLibLgbLobRobLobRjbLebRebRebLebLebLebRgbLebRibLobLebRibL
ebLibLobLebRebLjbRcbLibLobRsbRobRobLcbRobLgbRebRebLobRobLobRobRobLobLe
bRsbLcbRebLebRgbLobRcbLebLobRobLobRcbRobRobLibLibLobLsbLjbRebLobLobLhb
RobRsbLcbLebLobRebRobLobRobLcbLebLgbRibRsbLibLgbLcbLibRibLobLebLebLgbR
cbLsbRebRjbLebLebLobLcbRgbLebLobLobRibLobRobLobLebRcbLobRobRobRobRobLo
bRebLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 6; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLcbLibRcbRibLjbRsbRhLsbLibLibLgbRjbRjbRhbLjbLibLgbLsLsmbRsbLgRsbLgbLs
bLsbLgbLgbLgbRsbLibLgbLgbRsbLgbLgbLsbRsbLgbLgbLsbLgbLjbRoRsmbRibLjbLib
LgLsbLsbLjbLhbLibLibLgbLibRjbLcbRjbRibLjbRsbLjbLgbRibRgbRgbRsbRjbLobLj
bRcbLjbLgbLgbRsbLgbLgbLgbLsbLsbLsLsLsmmbLgbLsbLgbLgbLsbLgbLgbLgbLsLsmb
RgbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 7; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRgRsmbRsLibRsLsbLjbLgbLgRgbRsbLsbRsbsbRsbsbLiLsbRsLsLsmbLsLsRsmbLsbLs
LsmbLsLsLsmmbLsLsmbsbRsbsbLgLsbLgbLsLgbLeLsbLiRsRsmbRsbRgbRgbLsbLsbLsb
RsbLgRsbLsbRgbLgbLcbLobLsbLsbLgbLsLhbLgRsRsLsmbLsbLgbRsbLgbLsLsmbLgLsb
LgbsbRsbRsRsmbLsRsLsbLsbLgRsbLsLgLsbRsLsLebLjbLoLsmbRibLsbRsRsRsmmbRgR
smbRgbRsRsRsLsmmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 8; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRgbRsbsbRgbRjRsmbsbRsbRgbRgbLjbRsbLsbRgbRcbRsRsmbLsLsmbLsbRsLsbRsbLsb
RsbLgLsbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsLsRsmbLsLgbLsLsmbLgLsbLsLsmbLsbLsLgbLsRsRsLsmbLs
LsmbLsLsmbLsLgLsbLsLgbRgbLiLoLsmbLsRibRgLsLsRsRsLsmmbRsRsRsRsmmmbLobRg
LsbLiLiRsbLcbLgbLebLsbLgbLsLsmbLgLgbRgRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 9; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRobRsbRebLoRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 10; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLibRobRsbRiRsmbRgRsLgmbLjbRgbLgbReRsmbLsbRgbLsbLgRsbLgRsbRhbLgbLsRsRs
mbLgRsbLsRsbLsRsbLsbLjbLgbLgRsbLsLsmbLsLsmbLsbLsLsLsmmbLsLsmbLgbLsbLsb
RgbLgRsbLhRsbLgLsbLsLsLsmmbLgbLgbLiRsbLiRsRsmbLibLsbLgbRiRsmbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 11; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsbRgbRgRsmbLsRsbRsbRsbRsRsmbRsRsmbRgbRiRsRsmmbRsbRsRgbRsbRiLsbLgLsLs
mbLsbLibLsbLgbLgbLgbLsbLgLsbLsbsbLsLsmbLsbLsbsbLsLsRsmbLsLsmbRsLsbLsbL
sbLsLsmbRsLsbLsbLsbRsRsmbLiLsbLsLsmbLibLsbRsbLibLsbLsLsmbLsbLgRsbLsbLs
LsmbLsbLgbLsLsmbRgLsbLsRsbLsLsLsmmbLgbRsLsbRsLsbLibLsbLgLsbLsbLgbLsbLg
bLsLsmbLsbRsbLhRsLsbLobLcLsRsLsmbLgbLgbLsLgLsbLgbLgbLgRsbRsRsmbLibLsbL
sLsmbLgbRsbLgbLgbLsLsmbLsbLsRsLsLsmbLgbLsbLsbRebsbRsLsbsbsbsbsbsbsbsbR
oLsbLsLsmbLsbRibLsbRsbsbRsbRsRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 12; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsbLsbLsLsmbLsbRjbRobLoRsbsbLsbsbsbsbsbRsbsbRsRsLsmbsbRsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 13; Drug: Control Apo low
bLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 14; Drug: Control Apo low
bRgbRgbRsLsbRjbLcbLsbRibRgbRgbRgRsmbRsbRsbRsRsmbRgbRibRhRsmbLcbRsbLgbL
eb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 15; Drug: Control Apo low
bLsRcbLjbRobLsbLsbRcbRoLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 16; Drug: Control Apo low
bLobLcRsbRcbLibLcbLcbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 17; Drug: Control Apo low
bLiLsbRibLgbLgbLjbRcLsbLibLgLsbLgbLibLgbLgbLsbLsbRgbLsbLhbLsbLhbRsbLgb
RgLsbRsbRjbLgbRjbLgbRsRsmbRgbRgbRsbLibRjbLjbLibRjRsmbLibRibLgbRiLsbLhb
RhbLsbRjbRibRobLgbRsLsbLsbRsLhbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 18; Drug: Control Apo low
bRjLsbLhbLjbLebRoRsmbRobLibLibLjbRibLgbLjbRcbLjLgbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 19; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRibRobRsbLibLibRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 20; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRgbsbRsbRgbLjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 21; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbRsRsmbsbRsRsmbRgbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 22; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLgbLiLsLsmbLgbsbLhbLgbLgbRcbRgbLcRsbLobRgLsbRsRgbRjbRsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 23; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLjbLhbLiRsbLsbLsbRsbLsbRsbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 24; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLcRsRsLsmbLcbLcbLcRsbsbRsbLsbsbLcbsbsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 25; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLhRsbLibRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 26; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRcbRebLobRobRjbRcbLobRebLobRjbLjbLcbRjbLobLobLobLobLobLobRobRebRobRob
RobLhbRebRobRjbRjbLcbRebLgbRjbRsbRobRobLobLcbRgbLcbRebLebLcbLobLobRobL
ebRebRsbLobRebRobRobRobRebRobLobLobLcbLobRobRcbLebLcbRcbLobLgbRjbLobLo
bRcbRibRobRebLebRcbLobLgbRebRebLobRcbRobLcbRobLibLebLobRcbLobLcbLsbLcb
RobLobRebRjbLebLobLgbRobRjbLebRebLcbRobRobRcbRobRobLobLsbLobRjbLebLgbR
ebLobRobRgbRcbLobRobRcbLobRebLgbLebRobLgbRcbRjbRjbLobRcbLebLcbLebRgbLo
bLsbLobLobLcbLebLobLobRobLcbRobRibRjbRcbRcbRobLibLobRcbRobLibLgbLebLsb
LibRobRebRebLgbLebRhbLobLebRsbLsbRobRebLjbLcbRobRobRcbLebLibRcbRobRebL
obRcbLobLobRobRgbLsbLobRebLobLobLibLcbLebLobRsbRebLcbRobLobLcbLcbRobLo
bLebLobRobRobLobLhbRsbLebLcbRebLcbLobLibRobLcbRcbLobRobLobLcbRebRcbLeb
RebRgbLebLcbRobLobLobLobRcbRebRcbRcbLcbRobRobRebLsbLebRibRcbRobRcbLebR
cbRcbRebLobRebLibRobRobRobRgbRobRcbLcbLobRebRobRgbRobLhbLgbRobRibRobLe
bLcbLcbLobRsbLobRebRibRcbLobRobRebLobLobRgbRobRobLebRhbRibRobLcbLebLgb
LebRebRcbLebLobLobLgbLebRobRcbRebRebRobLobRebRebRhbRobLebRcbRobRibLebL
obRcbRebRibLebRobRobLgbLobLobRobLebRobLibRebLebRobRibRebLebRobLobRobLo
bLobLobLobLhbLebLibLebLebLibRobLcbLobRebLobLcbLcbRibRebRebRobLebRebRsb
RobLobRobLcbRobRcbLibLobLobRcbLgbRcbLobRhbLebLcbLebLcbRobLobLobLobLcbL
obRcbLcbLobLebLebRobRcbLcbRgbLsbRsbLcbLgbRebLobRobLebRgbRgbRgbLobLobLs
bLebLsbRhbRibRebRcbRcbRobLebLibRobRobRobLhbLebRobRobLobRcbLobRebRobLib
RhbLobRsbRobRebLebLcbLobRebRobRobRebRobLobRcbRcbLobRcbLobLebRcbLobLobL
obRobRcbLobLobLibLebRebRcbRibRibLobRobRobLobLobRobRebRcbRobRobRgbRobLs
bLebLcbLcbLibRebLcbRcbRibLibLobLobRobLgbLcbLibRobLebLcbRobRebRebRebLob
RobRibRibLgbLobLobRobRcbLsbRcbRobRcbLibLobRcbRgbRobLebRobRobLcbLobRobR
ebRebRobRobRcbRgbLebRobLcbRobRobRibRsbLgbRgbLgbLcbRobRgbRhbLsbRobLobLe
bRobRcbLobLsbRcbLobRcbLcbRobRobRcbLobLobLobRebRcbRobLebRebRobRibRcbReb
RobLobRobLcbRcbLebLgbRcbRcbRcbLibRibRobLebLebRobLcbLibRobLgbRobRcbLobL
hbRhbRobLobLobRgbLebLobLebLcbLibLobLobLgbRobRcbLhbRgbRobLebRobLebRobRo
bRebLebLobRcbLebRgbLibRobRebLcbRgbLgbRobLebRobLibLebRgbRobRebLcbLobLeb
RibRobLobLsbLcbRobRobRsbRobLobLobRcbRebRobLebRobRobLebLebLobRgbLobRibL
cbRibLobLebRobLebLobRcbRobLsbLobRcbRibLobRebRebLobLcbLcbLsbLhbLebRhbLe
bLcbLebRhbLobRsbRcbLcbLibRgbRibRcbRebLgbLhbRobLhbLobLebLebLcbRobRebLgb
LibLebLebLobRjbRibRebRcbLobRcbLobRibRobLcbLcbLobRebLsbLobRobLebRobRebR
ebLebLobLobLebRobRibLcbRobLibLibLcbLobLebLgbRsbLcbRcbRebLgbLobLebRcbRi
bLobLobLobRibLcbLebRcbRcbLobRebRcbLebLjbLebRebRobRebLobRebRgbRcbRhbLsb
RobLobLobRcbLobLsbRgbRobLibRhbLobLebLcbLobRebRobLcbLhbRebLgbLsbLobRibL
ebRgbRgbRibLcbRobRebLobLobLgbRibRobLibLgbLebRobRobLhbLibLebLobRobLcbLc
bRobLcbRcbRebLobLebLcbLobRcbLgbRibRebLobLobRobRobRibLobLsbLsbRobRobLeb
RobRcbRobRjbRebLcbRcbRobRobRobLebRobLobRebLobRobRobRcbLibLobLobLobRobR
gbLobLobRibRobLobRobRobLobRcbLobRebLebLgbRcbRebRebRobRgbRebLebRobLobLo
bRobRsbLcbLobLebLobLobRobRebLobLobLobLibRebLibRgbLibLcbLebLjbLebRebLeb
LibLobLobLebRibLobRobRcbRebLobLobRibRebRobRebLebRsbLebRebRgbRobRcbLebR
obRobLibRebRebLsbRobRobLgbLobLebRobRobRebRebLobRobRebRobRobRibLobLcbLs
bRcbRibRibLobLcbLobLgbRobLgbLebLebRebRebRebLobRobRobLebLobRobRobRobRob
RobRobRobLobLsbLhbLobRobLcbLebRibRobRsbRcbRcbRcbRobRebLobRgbRobLebRgbL
ebLebLsbLibRibLcbRobLebLobRcbLcbLcbRobLobLobRcbRebRobRcbLobLebRcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 27; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLgbRgbRsLsbLibRgbLgbRsbRsbRiRsmbLjbLcbRcbLebLibLibLgbRsbRcRgbLibLgbLg
bRgbRobRgbRsbRcLsLsmbRsRsmbLgbLjbRobRibRibLsbLsbRgbRjbRobLgbLgbRibRibR
ibRgbLsbRgbRibRgbRibRgbLsbRibLgbLibLibRgbLibRobLjbRgbRhbRgbRobLgLgbLgb
LgbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 28; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsbRsRsmbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsRsmbRgbRsRsmbRsbRsbRsRsmbRibLsbRsRibRsbRgbRsbR
sRsmbRsbRsbRsRsmbLsbRibLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 29; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsLsbLsbRsbRebRgbRsRsmbLsbLsRsbRsRsmbLjbRhRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 30; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLsbLsbRsbLsbRjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 31; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLhbLobRobRobLcbRobLobRobRobLebRobLobLebLobRebRcbLobLibRjbRebLebRobRob
LibRobRibRibLebRebLibRjbRobLibLebLobLgbLobLgbLobLcbRsbLobRebRgbLcbLgbR
obLcbLobLhbLsbRcbRobLcbLobLobRobLcbLobLsbLobRobRobLcbLgbLibLebLibLebLc
bLcbRgbRebLcbRcbRobRebLsbLcbLebLobRobLobRobRobLebRibRcbLebLcbRobRebLgb
RobLobRcbLcbRobLobLobRebLcbLebLcbLobRebRgbLebLobLebLgbLebLgbRobRobRgbR
ebRobRobLobRobRgbLebRcbLobRebLcbRebRebLcbLobRgbLgbRcbRgbRobLobRibLobLe
bRobRebRibRebRobLobRcbLebRobLobRcbLsbRcbLobLsbRebRobRebRobRobRobLobLcb
RobLibRebLobLgbLcbLcbLobLobRebRobLobRhbLobLcbRobLobRgbRebLebRebLobLcbR
gbRsbRibLebLobRcbLsbLebRebLsbLobRibRobLobRebLobLebLibLobRsbLebLgbLsbRo
bLobLsbRobRibRobLebRhbRobLebLebRobLsbLobLobLebLebRebRebRibRebLcbLibRcb
RcbRebRhbRebRcbRsbRobLobLobRobRobRibRebLcbRcbRobLgbRobLobLobRcbRcbRebL
obLebRibRebLcbLsbRcbLobLobLobRebRobLobRobLebLibRebRcbRebRebRibLcbLcbRo
bLobRobLcbLebLcbLobLibRcbLobLebRhbLobRobRobLhbLebRobLobLebLibRebRsbRhb
RibRgbRibRgbLhbLobRobLobRsbRgbRobLobRsbRobRobRebRebRobRcbLcbRebRibLibR
obLgbRobLobRcbLebRobRobLcbLebLobLobLibLebLibLibLobLebRobLsbRebLobRebRg
bLcbRibRobRebRobLobRebLobRibLobLgbRsbRibLebLobLobRobRebLibLobRcbRcbLeb
RobRobLobLobRsbRobRobLgbLgbRobLcbLcbRsbRsbLebRobRobLgbRibLobRobLobRhbL
ibLobLsbRcbLebLebRobRibLobLsbRgbLobLobRobLobLcbLebLcbRobLobLobLcbRibLs
bLobRebRebLcbRobLebRobLcbLobLebLobLcbRobLcbLcbRhbLibLcbLobRebRibRcbRgb
RebLcbRcbRobLgbRobRobLcbRobLgbRebLcbLobLebLebLcbRcbLebLgbLebLobLebRcbR
ebRibLcbRobRobRobRcbRobLobRobLobLobRcbLobRgbRobLibLobRcbRobLobLobRobLe
bLobRobLcbRgbLobLibRobRobLobRcbLsbRhbLobRebRcbRebRcbRobLcbLgbRsbRcbLib
RibLcbLobRjbRobLsbRobRobRebLgbLcbRibRobRebRcbRgbRobRgbLebRobLebLobLcbL
gbRobLobRsbLgbRobRibLobRobLebLobLcbRobRobLobLobLebRsbRobRsbLobLibLobRs
bRcbRebLobLibRobRobRobLebRebLobLebRsbLcbRibRebLsbRobRobRcbLobRebLobRib
RobLibLebRgbRobLhbLhbRobLebRebRobLobLcbLobLobRsbLjbLobRsbLcbLgbRobLebR
obLobLhbRebRobLebLobLibLcbLgbRcbLobLsbLobLobRibRobRobLobLobLebRibRcbRc
bRobRobRebRebLibRobRobRibLibLibRcbRibLebRgbRobLibRcbRebRcbLibLcbLibLcb
LobRebLsbLebLobLcbRebLebRobLcbRobLebLebRgbLobRobLobLcbLebRebRebRobRsbL
ebRebLebLibLobLcbRobRcbLcbRobLobLebRibLobLobLibLibRebLobRobLobRgbLobLe
bRebRobLobRcbRobRobRebRobLebLcbLebLobRibRobLobRobRebRibLobRobRobRebReb
RebLebRobLcbLebRgbRobRebLebLobRcbRibLibLsbLibRobRgbLobRibRobRobLibRebR
obLobRobRgbRsbRobRobLobRcbLebRobLebRobLcbRobLobLibLobRhbLobLsbRobRibRo
bRobRebRobRcbRobRobRebRebLobRjbLgbRibRhbRcbRobLobRobLebLobRgbRcbRebLeb
RebRobRcbLobLobRobLsbLibRgbRebRgbRcbRibLgbRebRobRcbRgbLobLobLobLobRobR
obRgbLebRobRcbLcbLsbRobRcbLobRobRobLcbRebRobRobRebLgbLcbRobRibRebLcbRo
bLobRobRgbLebLcbLobRobLsbLobLcbRobLebLobRgbLobLebRobRcbLobRobLebLebLob
LobRcbRgbLobRobRobRobLobLibRgbRobLcbLobLibRcbRobRebLobLcbLobLobLobRgbL
obRsbLobLsbRgbLobLgbLibRebRobRcbRobRobRgbLobRgbRobLobLebRgbRibLjbLcbLg
bLobLobRibRcbLebRobRcbRibRebRcbLobRcbRcbLobRebRobLebLcbRcbLibLobRobRob
LobLebLobRebLobRsbRcbRebLobRobLcbRebRcbRobRebLebRcbRobRsbLobLobLobRebR
gbLobRibRsbLobRobRobLebLibLobRobLsbRebRebRobRebLobLsbLobLhbLsbRcbRebLo
bLgbLhbRobRobLeb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 32; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bsbLibRjbLsbRjbsbRiRsmbsbLgbLsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 33; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRjLsLsmbRgLsbRibRibRsbRgbRibLsbsbLgLsbRcbLsRgbLcLsmbLsLsmbLoLsLsmmbLg
bLsbLgbRsbRsRsmbRgbRjLsbRgLsbRgbRgbRgLsbRgbRgbRgLsLsmbRgbRgLsbRibRjRsm
bRgRsmbRibRsRsmbRgRsmbsbLsbRgbRgbRgLsRsbLsbRgLsRsbRsbRgRsmbRgRsmbRiLsb
LcbRibLjbRhbReLsbRobLhbLebRoLsbLsbLhLsbRsbRsbRgRsmbRgbLsbRgbRgbRibLcbR
gbRgbRgbRsbRgRsmbRsLsLsmbRgRsmbRsRsmbRjbsbRjLsbRjRsmbRsbRgRsLsmbsbRsLs
bRgbLgbLcbRibLcbRibRsbLgbLgbLcbLhbRsLsbRgRsmbLjbRjbLsLsLsmmbLobLjbRjbR
iLsbLsLsmbRsbRgRsmbRgbLsbRiRsmbRsbRsbRsRsmbRsRgRsmbRibRebLiLsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 34; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLgbRgLsbRsbLgbLsbRjRiLsRsbRsRgRsmbRsRgLsbRsRsRsmmbLsbRsRsRsRsLsmmmbRg
LsbLsbLebLsbRsbRgRsmbRcLgLsbLsbRiLsbRgLsbLsRsbLsbRsbRsbRgbLgbRsbRsLsbR
sRsRsRsmmmbRsRsRsLsmmbRgLsRsbRgbsbRiLsLgbRibLsbLsbLsbRgbRgLsbRgRsmbRsb
RsbRsbRsRgRsmbRgLsRsbRcbRsbLsbRsbRsbLibLgRsbRsLsLsRsmbRsRsLsLsmmbLcLgb
LibLsbLsLsLsmmbLgbLgbLhLsLsLsmmbLcbLsLsmbLsLsLgLsmbLgbLsbLgLgbLobRgbRs
RsRsmmbRsRsmbLsRsbRgLsbRsRsLsLsmmbRgbRsLsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 35; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsbRsbRsbRsRsmbRsbRsRsmbRsbRgbsbRsbRgbsbRsbRsRsLsmbRsLsbLsRsLsbRsbRsR
sRsmmbLsbRibRsbRsbRgbRsbRsbRsbRgbRsbRsbRgRsmbRgRsmbRgbsbRsbRibRgbRgbRg
bRgbRsbRgRsmbRgbRsbRsRsmbLobLsRsbRibRgbRibRgbsbsbsbRsRsRsmmbRgbRsbRgRs
mbRgRsmbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 36; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLgLsbLcbRebLgbLibRiRsmbRibLsLsmbRsRsmbRsRsmbRgRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 37; Drug: Control Apo low
bRiRsmbLsbLsRsbLcbLibLibRgbLgbRjbRibRsbLsbLcbLcRsbRsbRsbRhbRsbRsRsmbLc
bRsbRhbRibRgbLgbRjbLjbLsbRebLgLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 38; Drug: Control Apo low
bLoLsmbLgbLgbLoRsbRcbLiLsbRibLgbLsbRsbLsbLsbLgbLgbLgbRcbRibLhbRibRibsb
LcLibRcbRibRsbRgbRibRibLsbRibRibLibRobRobRjbRibLcbLhbLobLibLjLsLsmmbRh
bRiLsbLoRsbRcbRobRibRibRibLjbLibRhbRibLgbLjbLibRcbRibRobRibRibRgbRsRsm
bRibLibLibRibLebLibRobLjbRcbLobLibRebLibLgbRjRiRsmbRjbRibLsbRibLsbRibL
jbLibLjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 39; Drug: Control Apo low
bLebRib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 40; Drug: Control Apo low
bsbLjbLcbRibLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 41; Drug: Control Apo low
bRjLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 42; Drug: Control Apo low
bLcbRsLsbsbRiRsRsmmbLcbLjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 43; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbLsRsbLjLsmbLsbLsbRsRsmbLsbLsRsLsbLsbLgbLsbsbLsLsmbLsbLsbLsbRsbLsLs
mbLsLsmbLsbLgbLsLsmbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 44; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsLgLsbLsLsmbLgbRsRsmbLsbLsbRcbLoRsbsbLsLsLsmmbLgbLsLsLsmmbRsbLgbLsbL
sLsmbLgLsbLsbLsbLsLsmbLsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 45; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLgLsbLsbLsLsmbLsLsmbLsLsLsLsmmmbLgbLsbLsbLsbLsbRsRsmbLgbLgbLsLsmbLibL
sLsmbLgbRsbLsbLsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 46; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLobRsbLibLobLebRibLebLjbLobRebLsbLebRobLobLgbLcbRcbLebRebRebLobLcbRob
RibRcbLcbLebLcbLsbLebLobLebLobLobRsbRgbRobLobLgbRgbLobRebLobLobRibLcbL
cbRobLobRobRcbLgbLcbRebLobRibRobRobRobLebRcbLobLebRebLobLjbRibRcbLebLo
bRsbRebRhbLobRobRebLobLebLibRebLebRobLcbRgbRcbRgbRobRcbLobRibLhbLebRob
LhbLsbRcbLebRebRobRobRobRebLobLobLobRobRobRebLebLebLgbLobLobLobLobLobR
ebRsbLibRobLobRobRebLgbRcbRobLcbRobRibLobLobRobRibLgbRobRebRibLcbLebLo
bLobLibLcbRobLgbRcbLobRgbLcbLhbLgbRobLebLobLebRebLebLobRcbLobLobLsbLib
RebLcbRobLebRsbLcbLobRjbRobRebLobLobLobLgbLebLibLebRibRebLebLobRjbLobL
ibLobRebLebRibRebRcbLebRhbLobRobRcbLebRobRobRebRcbRcbLobRgbRebLcbRgbRg
bRebLobRobLebLebLebRobRcbLebRobLebLcbRgbLebLebRcbRobRebLobLhbRobRebReb
LobRebRhbRebLobLobLobRobLobLsbRibLibLobRobRebLebRobLebLcbRobRebRobRobR
gbRobRebRebRcbRcbRobLibRgbRebRgbRsbLcbLobRcbLebLobRebLsbRgbRcbLcbLobLo
bLcbLsbLobLibLobRhbRhbRobLibLjbRgbLebRobRgbRebRebLebRobLobRcbRsbRcbLob
LcbRsbLobLcbLobLibLebRcbLebRebLebRebLgbRcbLcbRobLobRcbRebRebLcbRobRebL
cbLobLobRobLibRcbRcbRsbRsbLobLebLebRebLsbLebLcbLcbLebLibLobRebRobLsbRe
bLsbRobLibRobRcbRcbLebLebRebRibLcbLobRibLobLobLsbLgbRibLgbLobLebLobRcb
RebRcbLobLgbLcbRibRcbRjbLobLcbRebRsbRobRibRjbLobRebRobLebLebLebLsbRibR
cbLobRsbLcbLebRobLobLebRebRibRgbRobLobRjbRebLcbRcbRobRobRebRebRcbRobLo
bRcbRobLebRibLcbLobRgbRibLsbRebLobLjbLobLobRobLobLobLebRobLobRobLcbRcb
LgbRebLobRobLobRebLsbRgbLebRebLobRobRobRebRcbRcbRobLobLobRsbLibRebRobL
cbRobRebLebLobRgbRobRobRcbLcbRobRobRobRgbRcbLebRobLobRebLobRobLobLobRe
bRcbLebLobLobLebRebLebRsbRebRibRobRobRobLcbLobRcbRcbRobRibRebLobRobLgb
LcbRcbRsbLobRcbLobRcbLebRebRgbRcbLobLebRhbRibLebLobLobLgbRcbRebRgbLsbR
obLobLobRebLsbLobLibRebLibRobLcbRsbRhbRobLobRibRobRebRebLcbLibLcbLebLe
bLebRobRobLebRcbLobLibLebRsbLobRebLebLebRcbLebRobRobRobLgbRobRobRcbLeb
RobLobRibRibRsbLgbRebRsbRebRobRobLgbRebRobLobLebLobLcbRjbLhbRgbRebRebR
obLibRebLebRcbRibRibRebRcbLobLobLebLobLobRebRgbRobLebRobRobRobRsbRibRe
bRebRebLcbLsbLcbRobLobRobRebLobLgbLobRebLebLobRobRebLcbRebRobLobRobLob
RcbRobLcbRcbRobLobLobRcbLobRebRebRgbLsbLsbRcbLobLebLobLobRcbRcbRobRcbR
obLobLgbLobRobRsbLebRibRobLobRobLebRgbLebLhbRobRebRebRobLobLcbRobRobLs
bRcbRebLcbLgbRebRcbRebRebLcbRobRobRcbLebRobRebRobLcbRebLebRebLobLgbLob
LcbLcbRobLcbRobRobRobRobLgbLgbLebRobLhbRobLobRebLebRobRebLebRgbRobRgbR
obLobLebLebLebLcbRgbRebRcbLebLobRcbLobLcbLobLebLobLcbRcbRhbRobLebRebLc
bRobRobLobRibRcbRebLibRibLgbLgbRobRebLibRebLebRgbRebRsbRobRebLgbRebRob
LcbLobRibRebLibRjbLjbRobRebRebRobLobRgbLobLcbRobLibRobRebRsbLobLibRebR
obLgbLobLsbRcbRobRobRsbRebLobRcbLebRcbRobRobRcbLebLcbLobLsbRebLobRcbRc
bLobLebLobRcbRcbRobRcbLcbRebRsbRebLobRobLebRcbRebLcbRgbLobLobRobRebRob
LebRobRcbLcbLebLob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 47; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbLsbLsbLsLsmbLsLsmbLsbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 153923; End: 154423;
Recording: 12-1; Individual: 48; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRibRsLsRsbLgLsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 1; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsbsbRgbRsbRsbRsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 2; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRgbRsRsmbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRsbRgLsbRgbRsbRsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 3; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRgbRjLsbLibRsbRsbRsbLjRsbLoRsbRibLjbRibLobRcbLsbRgbsbLsbLgbLsLsmbLibR
jbLoLcbLcbRgRsmbLgRsbLsRsbLsbRsLsbLgbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 4; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsLsRsbLsLsRsmbLsLsRsRsmmbRsbRhRsmbLoRsbLsbRsLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 5; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRobLebRcbLgbLobRobRhbRobLhbLebLobRebLcbRcbRsbRcbRebRebLgbRobLobRebRib
RebLobLobRsbLcbRebLcbLcbRebLobLcbRsbRobLobLebRobLcbLobLobRebRobRobLgbR
ebLobLobLebRobLibLebRcbRobRobRcbLcbRebRcbRcbRibRobRobLgbRsbLobRsbLobRg
bLebRcbLobRobRobLcbLobLobRebRebLebRobRobRsbRobRcbLebLebRobRobLcbLobLeb
RobLebRobLcbRebRobRcbLsbRjbLebRebLgbRebLgbLobRhbRebLsbRgbRebRcbRsbLebL
obLgbLcbLcbLcbRebRhbRobLebRibLebLcbLebRebRgbRobLgbRibRebLobLebRcbLebLe
bLcbLebLobRobLobRebLcbRobLobLebRobRebLebRobRobRgbRhbLcbRebRibLibRgbLeb
LobRebLobRobRibLsbLebRsbRebLobRcbLgbLsbLobLcbRebLsbLebRhbLcbLibLcbLebL
ebLobLsbRobLobLebRibLgbLibLjbRobLobRgbLsbLgbLobRibLebRsbLsbLobRobRobLi
bLebRobLibRibRebLjbLgbLjbLcbLibRobLgbLebLobRobLcbLobLcbLebLgbRcbLcbRjb
RjbRcbRobLebRobLcbLobLebLobLjbLobRebRjbLcbLsbRhbLobRebRobRebRibLsbRjbR
sbLebLcbRobRebLobLobLobLobLgbLebRebRebRcbLgbRobRobRebLsbRobLobRsbRobRi
bLcbLobLebRcbRgbLibRobRibLebLcbRsbLhbRcbLobRobRebLobLobLsbLibLobRsbReb
RobRgbRebLebRebRgbLobRobRgbLsbRcbLobRjbLcbLhbLobLhbLebLobLobLobLebRobR
gbRobLjbLobLobLibLcbRebRibRebLcbRgbRebLobRebLebLebRebRobLgbRcbRcbRcbLi
bRsbLibRobLobLobLibRcbLebRebRebLebRobLgbRobLhbRobRebRibRobLgbRobRebLeb
RibLobRebLcbRgbRcbRsbLobRgbLobLsbLsbLibRebRobLobLobLibRgbLcbLebRsbLcbL
sbRobRcbLebLobRibRebRebLgbRcbLgbRebLcbRebRjbRebRobRebRobRcbRgbRibLobLs
bLobLobLebLibRsbRibRebLibLobRobLebRibLcbLobLebLgbRobRgbRebRebRebLobRob
LebLsbLobRobRobLebLcbLebRcbRibRebLobLebLebRebLobLsbLebRsbRcbLcbLsbRobL
obRcbRebRobLhbRebRibRcbLjbRibLibLebLebLebLobRobLobRhbRsbRcbRobRobLebRo
bRgbLebRobLobRobRobRebRebRgbLgbLebLobRebLebLobLcbLcbRibRebLgbLcbRebRob
RebLebRobRebLobLsbRcbLobLibLobRhbLebRobLebRsbRgbLebRobRibRsbRibLebLibL
ebLgbRebLobLobLebLebRobLobLebLebLobRebRgbLobRobRsbRebRibLcbRobRobRebLo
bRebRibRebLibRibRebRhbLobLebRebRibRobRebLobRsbLebLobRsbRgbLcbLebLcbRob
LobRsbLebRcbLgbRebRobRsbRebRobRcbRgbLibRsbLobLebRgbLcbRibRcbRibLobRcbL
obLibRebRebLobLobLsbRebLobRebRobLobLgbLobLobLibLebLebLebRcbLebRobLgbLe
bRebLebLebRobRibLcbRobLibLobLobLobRobLcbLcbRobLebRebLgbRobRobLibLsbRob
RebLobLobRobRebRibRgbLebLcbRobRibRcbLibRsbRobLibLsbLobRobLobLcbLcbLsbR
ibLobRgbLebLsbLebRobLobRsbLhbLgbRobLebLobRebRobRibLcbLebLgbLobLcbLgbRo
bRebLsbLcbLobLcbRsbLsbRebRibRobLebRcbLibLjbLgbLgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 6; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRiRsmbLobRhbRgbRgbLjbLibRoRsmbLcbRiRsmbLiRsbLibRjbLibRibLgbLjLsmbLhbL
obLcLsmbLibLgbLibLcbLcbLibLibLgbLcbLcbLibLjbRhbLjbLgbRjbLhbRibLibLgLsb
RsbLgbRhbRobRhbLobRgbLibRcbLjLsmbLjRsbRibRcbLobRebRgbRhLsbLebLgLsbLjbR
cb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 7; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRibLobRgLsbLsLsLsmmbLgRsbLiRsLsbRsRsRsmmbLsbLgRsbLcLsmbLgRgbLgbLsLgbL
gLsbLebLsLsmbLsbLsbLsbsbsbsbLsbRsbLsLsmbLeLsbLgRgLsRsbLsLgbLsLsmbLsLsm
bRsRgbRsRsRimbLsLsmbRsRsRsRsRimmmbRgLsLsmbLebRiLsbLgRsbLsbLsLsmbRsbLsb
LhLsLsmbRsbLgRsLsbLgLsbLiRsRsmbLgbLgLsbLeLsbLgLsbLsLsmbRgbRsbLgbLgLsRg
bLsLsmbLsbRsbRsbLsbsbLgLeLsbRiRsmbRsLsRsRgbRgLsbRgbRsRsRsmmbRsbRsRsmbR
sRsRsLsmmbRsLsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 8; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsLsmbLgLsbRsRsLsmbRiRsRsmmbRgbRsRgRsmbRgbRibRibRibsbLsRgLgRebLsbRsRs
mbLgbRcRsmbRibRgRsmbRiRsmbRibRibRgbRgbRgRsRsmmbRgbLcbRsbRjbLhbLebLobRe
bLsLsRjmbsbLsbRsLsbRsRsmbsbsbLsbRsLsbLsbRcRsmbRjbRobRgbRjbLjbLebRcbRsR
smbRsbRibRjbRsLsbRgLsRsbLsbRsbRhLsbRgLsLsmbRsRsRsRsmmmbRsRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 9; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bReRoRsLsmbRgbsbRgbRgbRgbRgbRibRsRsmbRgbRsbLsbLgbRsbLsRsbRsbRsbRgLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 10; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLgbLgbLgbsbLsbLgbLgbLgbLgbLibLgbLiRsbLgbLsbRhbRibLibRjbRcRsmbRsRsmbLs
bRsRsmbRgbLsbLsbLgbLgbsbLsLsmbRsbRsRsmbRsRsRsmmbLgbLsbLhbLsbLebRobRiLs
bLiRsbRgbRgRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 11; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsRsRsmmbRgRsmbRgbRsbLsbsbLcRsbLsbLsbLsbRsLsbLsbRsbLsbRsLsLsLsmmbLsbL
sLsmbLsLsmbLgbLgRsbLsbRsRsRsmmbLcLsmbRsbLsbLiLsbLsbRsRsmbLsbLgbLsLsmbL
sbLsbLsbLsLsmbRgbLiLsbLsbsbLgbLgbRsRsmbLsbLgLsbRsRsmbLgbLsbLsLsmbLsRsb
LgbRsRsLsmbLibLsLsmbLiLsbsbLsbLiLsbLgbLsbLgLsbLgbLsRsbLsbRsbLibLsbRsLs
bRsbReLsbRsbRgRsmbRsbRgbRsRsmbLsLsmbLsLoRsbRebRsbRsbRsbRgbRsRsmbLsbRsb
RgRsmbRgRsmbRgbsbRsbsbRsRsRsmmbRsbRgLsbRsRsmbRgRsmbRsRsLsmbRgbRgbRsbRs
RsmbRgRsRsmmbRsbRgRsmbRgRsmbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 12; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsbRgbLsbLsbsbRsbRsbRgRsmbRsbRgbRsbRsbRsbRsbLsbRsbRsbRsbRsRsmbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 13; Drug: Control Apo low
bLsLsmbLjRsbLoRsbRob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 14; Drug: Control Apo low
bLiLsbRsbsbLcbLibLibRsbRgRsmbRgbLjLsmbRgbRjbLcbRgRsmbLjbRgbRsbLsLsmbRs
bRsbLsbRsbRgbRsbLcbLibLgbLsLsRsmbLobLcLsmbRjbLcbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 15; Drug: Control Apo low
bLcbRsRsmbLgbRsRsmbLsLsmbRibRjbRobRobRobLibsbLcbRhb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 16; Drug: Control Apo low
bRjbLobLsbRcbLiRsbLsbLobLibLsLsmbLgbLcbRobLob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 17; Drug: Control Apo low
bRhbLgbLjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 18; Drug: Control Apo low
bLibLsbRsbRhbLgbRsbRobRsbRcbRobRjbRgbLibRsbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 19; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bsbRsLsLsmbLgbLiLsbLebRgRsmbLsRsRsmbLhLsLsmbLibRgLsbRsRcRsRsmmbRsRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 20; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRebLsRsLsbLsbsbRjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 21; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRibLsbsbLsbLsbRsLsbsbRsbLsbLsbLsLsmbLsRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 22; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLgbLjbLhRsbRsbRobRsRsmbRib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 23; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsbLsbRsLsbLsbsbLsbRsbRsbRobRebRsRgRsmbRsbRsbsbRsRsmbLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 24; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLhbLcbLjLsmbRsbsbsbLsbLsLsmbLgbLibsbsbsbsbRjRjbRsbLgbsbsbRsbsbsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 25; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bsbRgbLsbRsbRsLsLsmbRjbLcRsbLsbLibLibLob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 26; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRcbRgbRebRebRobRcbLhbRcbRobRobRobLobLibRibLobLebLsbRgbRebLibLobLgbReb
RibRibRobRobLobRgbRobLcbLibRobLcbRobRebRhbLhbRobLebLobLjbLobRobRibLobR
obLcbLobRobRobLibRobLcbLhbRebLibRcbRobRsbRebRobRcbRobLgbLobRebRobRobLo
bRobRebRgbLobLobRebLcbLcbLebRebRobRsbRhbLebRebLobRibRcbLebLebRibLebRib
RebLhbLobLebLebRobRobLobRcbLebRobLhbRobLobRebLgbRibLobRobLcbLobRobRobR
gbLcbLhbRobLobLcbRobRobLobRebRcbRsbLibRobLobRcbRebLobLsbRgbRebRebRcbLo
bLebRgbLcbRobRobLhbRsbRobRcbLibLobLobRobRobLobLebRcbLcbRgbLcbRebLgbRgb
RgbRobLobLsbRobRgbLcbLcbRobLsbRcbRsbLsbRobRobRsbRobRebRibRobLobLgbRcbR
ebLobLsbLobRebRobRobRobRebRobLobLcbRobLobLhbLobRebLobLebRhbRebLibRebLo
bLobRcbRobRebRobRebLobRobRgbRebRgbLobLebLebLebLobLebRibRibLibRgbRebRob
LibRebLobRcbLobLobRsbLsbRobLobLobLebRsbLobLobLcbLebLobLobRobRebRobRobR
ebRcbLcbLebLobRsbLobLcbRebLgbLebLcbRobLobRobRcbRobLobRgbRobLgbRebLcbRo
bRibLobLcbRgbRobLobLgbLgbLebLebRobRcbRobLebLibRcbLebLibRobLobRobRebRcb
RibLobLibRgbRcbLobRcbLibRhbRobRobRcbLobRcbLebLobRsbRebRibLebRobLobLobL
cbLobLgbRcbRobLobRhbLobRobLobLobRebLobRobRebRhbRcbRobLsbRobLgbRebLobLc
bRebLobRcbRobLobRgbLobRobRcbLobRobRibLcbLobRebLobRibRibLobRcbRgbRibLob
LibRcbLebRibLhbRobLcbLcbRobLibLibRcbLibRobRobLobLebRebLobRgbRobLsbRgbL
obRcbRhbRhbLobLobLebLibLebLebRibLhbLgbRebRebLsbLsbRobRsbRebRebLsbRobLc
bLobRobLcbLobRobRcbLobRebLgbLobLobRhbLibLebLobRobLcbRobRobLebRcbRobRob
RebLobRebLcbRobRebLebLsbRgbRobLcbLebRjbRgbRcbLebRhbRobLobRcbRebRcbLobL
obRjbRobRobLcbLcbRobRobRobRobRibLobRebRobRobRhbLobLcbRobRobLobRobRebRo
bLobLebLebLibRebRebLcbRibLobLobRsbRobRebLobRebRobRibLsbLobRcbRobRibLeb
RcbRebRcbRebRobRgbLobRcbLcbRobRgbLcbRsbRcbLhbRobLebRobRobLgbRobLsbRcbR
hbLebRobRibRibLsbLcbLibRebRobRcbRebRibRcbLebRcbRobLibRobLsbRobRobLebLo
bLcbLobLobRobRebLcbLgbLobLobLhbRcbLsbLsbLebLobLgbLebRcbRcbRebRgbLjbRob
LobRcbLobLcbLhbLebLobRebLobLcbRebRcbLebLibRebLebRibLebRsbLebRobRobLobR
obLobRobRobLcbLcbLebRobLebRobLibLobLgbRebLobLgbRobLcbLobLebLobRcbLobLi
bLobRhbLebLcbLobLsbLebRebRgbLobRsbRebRebRobLobLobRobLobLcbLobRgbLobRcb
LobRebRobLobLcbRcbRcbLgbRobRcbRebRcbRgbLibLebLobRebLobLebLobLobRobRcbL
cbLcbRobLcbLobLebLibRobLcbRebRcbLcbLobRhbLebLgbRobRobRhbLebRobRobLcbLo
bLcbLhbRsbRebLcbLcbRcbLcbRcbLobLobRebLobLobLcbRebRebRcbRebRgbRcbRebLob
LebLibLhbRebLgbRobLebRebLobLcbRobRebLgbRcbLobRobLobRobLibLobLobRobLobL
cbLgbLobRebLobLgbRobLobRcbLobLobRobRobRsbRebRcbLobRcbRgbRobLgbLobLobLe
bRgbRobLobLobLgbRcbRcbLebRebRcbRibLebRhbRobRobLobLcbRobLobRobLibLobRcb
RebLgbLebLcbLgbLcbLobLcbRobLobLobLcbRebRebRhbRcbLobLebLcbLsbRobRebRobR
ebRcbLobRibLebLobRebRobRebRobLcbLcbRobLobLobRsbLhbLobRgbRibLebRobLobRg
bLobLebLcbRobLcbRobLobLebLcbLobRebLsbLgbLobLjbRobLobRibLobRobRobRcbRsb
RobLsbLgbRsbLobLobLcbLebLcbRsbRobLobLcbRcbLebLobLobLebRebRebLobRobLobL
obLebLobRobLobLcbRobRebRhbLobRcbLcbRobRibRebLcbRsbLobRobRebRobLgbLgbRc
bRibRobRcbLobRobLobRcbRobRobLcbLobLsbLcbLebRobLsbRebLcbLobRobLebRebLcb
LcbLobRebLcbRobRebLebRgbLobRibLobLcbRebRibRgbLebRgbRgbLobRcbRibLcbLobR
ebRebRgbLibRobRobLgbLebRebLsbLobRobRsbLobLcbLcbRobRsbRcbRobLcbLobLobRe
bLobRobRsbRcbLcbLib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 27; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsbRobLgbRobLgRsbRibRgbRsbRgbLgbRiRsmbRibRsbRsbLibRibRgbRibRsbRobLibL
jbLgbRoLsbLjbLibLibRgbRsRsmbLgbRsLiRsbRgbRjbRibLibRcbLhbLgbRsbLgbRsbLg
bRjbRibRgbRibLjbLcbRcbLibRcbRgbRgLsbLcbLgbRsRgbRjLsRgbLgbLibRcb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 28; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLiLsbLsLsmbLiLibRsbRibRibLsbLsbRcLsbLsbLsbLsbLgbRobLobRjbRhbRcbRcbRib
RsbLsbLsbRsbRsbLibRib

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 29; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bLsLsRsmbRibLiLsbRjRsmbRsbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 30; Drug: Clozapine 1 uM Apo low
bRsbRsbLsRsbLgbLobRsbLebRsLsbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 31; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLebLobLcbRobRcbLobRsbRebRibLebRobRebLobRobLcbRebRobLcbLebLebRsbRebLeb
RobLobRobRcbLebLobLgbRcbRobLibRebRebRobRcbLebLhbRebRsbRobLebRjbRobRebL
ebRobLibLebRebRsbRobLcbRobRcbLibRebLobRibRhbLcbLobLobRobLobRcbLcbRobRo
bLobRgbRobRobRcbRobLobRjbLobRibLcbLsbRobLobRebRcbLebRcbLgbLebLobRobRob
LgbRobRebLebRebLibLibRobLhbRibLobRcbRcbLgbLobLobRobLsbRcbLebRobRcbLobL
jbLcbRgbLsbRobRebLobLebLebRcbRgbRebLcbLobRobLcbLsbLobLebLobRobLjbLobLo
bRgbLibRjbLcbRebRebLcbLcbRcbLcbLebRcbRebRobRebRcbLcbRobRcbLobRobLobReb
LebLobRebLebRebLobLcbRobRobLsbRobLebLcbLibLcbLhbRcbLjbRobRobRcbRobLobR
obLsbRobRjbLebRobRhbRobLebLibLobLebLobRobRobRcbLobRjbRobLobRobLgbLobRo
bLobRcbLsbRcbLobLobRebRobLgbLebLcbRobLibLebLebRebLobLobLcbRobLobRobRcb
LgbLobRobLebRcbRebLsbLobRobLobLsbRebRebRobRobLobRgbLobRsbLibLibLibLebR
obLgbRobRebLobLobRgbRebLobLhbLebRebRobLobLebRcbRhbRcbRebLcbRobLobRebLi
bRobRcbRcbLobLcbLhbRobRebRobLebLobRcbRcbRsbRebLcbLobRibRobRebLhbLebLib
LcbRobLcbLobLjbRobLebRcbRcbLobLebRgbRobRobLobLsbRebLobRobLobRebRibLgbR
obRebRcbRobRobLobRcbLebRebLcbLobRcbLobRebRobLebLcbLhbRobRobLebLebLibRo
bRebRhbRebRobRobRobRibRebRebLgbLcbRobLobRebLhbRibLcbRebLsbLebLobRibLob
LobRebRobRcbLobRobLebRobRibRcbLebRcbRebLebRcbRobRhbRcbLebLcbRobRcbRhbR
obLebRcbRobLobRibLobLebLgbLgbRebRebLjbRebLobLcbLjbRibRjbLobLhbRcbRobLj
bLcbRgbLobLhbLebRebRcbRebLibLebLebLjbRjbLobLobRcbRobLebRebLsbRebLsbLob
RebRjbRobRgbLibLcbRibLcbRibRobRibLobRebLobRebRebRgbLobLobRibRsbLgbLebL
jbRobRhbRhbLcbLobLcbRcbRebLobLebLsbLobRcbLobLgbLebLibLibRebLcbRjbRsbRc
bRcbRcbRgbLebRebRebRebRsbRjbRsbRebLebLebLebLebLjbRjbRjbLobRjbRebLobRsb
RibLebRobRcbRhbRibRobRcbRebRgbLobRebLobLibLsbLcbRebRebRobRebLibRobLobR
ebLcbLebLibRobRobLebRobLobRobRsbLsbRebLobLebLgbLobLcbRhbLobRobLgbLobRg
bLobLcbRobRobLobLobRobRhbLobRobRebRobRobLebRebLobRsbRebLobRcbRebLobLob
LsbLibLebLebRgbRobLgbRcbLcbRcbRcbLebLebLhbRcbLobRobRobRsbRobLcbLobLhbL
sbLcbRcbLobLebLebRibRobRebRgbLobLobLobRebRebLcbLobLobLibRsbRebRobRibRo
bRsbLjbLsLsmbLobLobRjbRebLsbLjbRoRsmbLcbRobRobRobLebRebRgbRobRcbRjbRcb
LebRcbLobLcbLobRgbLobLcbLebRebRebRibRsbRibLobRobLobLhbLibLobLebLobRsbR
ebRebRebRebRebRcbLsbLebLcbRibRebLobRebRobRobRsbLebRebLibLobLibLobLibRc
bLcbLcbLebLcbRobLsbRcbRsbRhbRcbLibRebRibRobLobLibRcbRebRobLibLebRebReb
RgbRcbRgbLibLsbLcbRcbLcbRobRsbLeb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 32; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bLsLsLsmmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 33; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRibLsbRibRiRsmbRebLsLsmbRgRgbLcbLibLebLcLsmbLsbLgbLsbRsbLsbRsbLsbLsbR
sLsbLsRsbRsLsbLsRsRsRsmmbRsbRsbRsLibLsLgbLgbLsLsmbLiRsLsbRibRhbRgbRgbL
iLsbLeRsbRgbRgbRgbRgbRhLsbRgbRsRsmbRgRsmbRgRsRsmmbRiLsbRgRsmbRsbRiRsmb
RgbRgRsmbsbsbRgLsRsbRsbRsbRjLsbLsRibLcbRcbRsbRgbRebLebRgRsRsRsmmmbRgbR
ibRjbRgbLebLgbRebRsLsLsmbReRsRsmmbRsRsRsmmbLibLgLsbRcbLsLsLsRsRsmmmbLs
LsmbLsbReLsbRsbLcbRgbRcbRibRgbRsbRgRsRsmmbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 34; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsbLsLsmbRgLsRsbRsRsmbRsbRgbRsRgbLsbRsbRgRsLsLsmmbsbRsRgLsRsbRsLsbsbR
sRgRsRsRsmmmbRsbRsLsbRsbLsbRibLsbRsLsRsbLsLsLsmmbLsLgLsbLgbLgbRsbLobRc
bRobRebLebLjbRiLsbLsbLsRgbRgLsbRsbLsLsmbRibRsRgLsbRgLsRsbRgLsbRgRsLsmb
RiLsLsmbLjbRobLobRsbLibRjbLjbLsLsmbLgLsbLsbsbsbLsLsmbLgLsbLsbRiRsmbRsb
RgLsRsbLebLjbLgbLjbRsbsbLgLgbRobRiLsbLgLsRsbRgbRsbRsRsRgRsmmbRibRgLsbR
gbRgbLsRsbRgRsmbRgRsLsmbRgbLsbRgbRgLsbLsRsRsLsRsmbLsbRiLsbRsbLebRjLsbR
ibLgLsbRsbLsLsmbRsbRsbRcbRjbRgbLibLsbRsbLgbLibLgbLebRebLgLsbRgbRsbLgbR
sRsmbRgLsbsbRsLsbRsbRsRsRgLsRsmbRgLsbRgRsLsmbRsbRsbRsRsmbRsRsmbLsbRgLs
LsmbRiRsmbRsRsmbRsbRgb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 35; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bRsRsLsmbLgbRsbRhbRgbsbsbsbRgRsmbLsRsbRsbRgbRgbRgRsmbRgRsmbsbLcbRebsbL
sRsbRsbRsbRsRsmbRsRsmbRsLsbRsRsmbRsRsmbRsRsmbLsLsRsmbRgbRsRsmbRgLsLsRs
mbRsRsLsmbRcbsbLsLsLgmbLgbLibsbLobRsbRsbRsbLsbRsRsmbRgbRsbRsRsRsmmbRsb
RsRsmbRgbRsbsbLsRsbRgRsmbRsbRsbRgbRsRsmbRgbRsbRsRsRsLsmmbRsRsmbRgbLsLs
RsmbRgRsRsmmbRsRsmbLsLsmbsbLsRsbRsRsmbLsbsbRgbRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 36; Drug: Clozapine 10 uM Apo low
bsbLoLsmbRjbRsLsbLebLgbLsLsLsLsmmmbLsbLsbLgbLgLsbLsRsbRiRsmbLsbLsbLgbR
obLgRsbsbLsLsmbLsLsmbLgLgbLcLsmbRsbRcRsmbReRsmbLsbRsRsmbRgRsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 37; Drug: Control Apo low
bLibLeLsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 38; Drug: Control Apo low
bRhRsmbLcbLiLhbLob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 39; Drug: Control Apo low
b

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 40; Drug: Control Apo low
bLjLsRsmbRhLsbRibsbRcbRgbRebLsbLobLob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 41; Drug: Control Apo low
bRjbRcbRebLjbRsbLjbLcbLobRob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 42; Drug: Control Apo low
bLcbRoRsLsmbLoLsmbLgLsbRobRjbRsRgRibLob

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 43; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLgbLsLsmbLsbLsbLsbLsbLsLsmb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 44; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLgRsbLsLsRsmbLsbLsbLsLsmbLsbLsbLsbLsLsmbLibRsbLcbLgbLhbLsbLsbRobLibLs
bsbLsbLsLgLsbLibRjbRobLibLiRsbLsLsLsmmbLsbLsLsmbLhbLsbLsbLsLsmbLsLsmbL
sLsRsmbsbLsRobLgbLsLsmbLjLsmbLgbLsbLjLsmbLjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 45; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbsbLsLsmbLsbLsLsLsmmbLsbLsLsmbLsbLgbLsLsRsmbLsLsmbLsLsRsmbLgbLsbLgL
sbLsbLgLsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 46; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bsbLjb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 47; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bLsLsmbsbRsbLibsbsbsbsbsbRibRsRsmbRgbRgbRgbLsRsb

>ZF Recording 2016-03-07; tW: 300s; Start: 154425; End: 154925;
Recording: 13-1; Individual: 48; Drug: Clozapine 3 uM Apo low
bRsbLsLsmbLsLsmb

